1	“2020 marked one of the most successful years in franchise history as consumers turned to boating as safe, social-distance activity to spend time with friends and family,” said Cecil Cohn, President, Freedom Boat Club Network.
2	"27 cases were found in Toronto."
3	$36 million was spent on general & administrative expense.
4	« 6 stories making headlines this wee…Update: COVID-19 stalls Colorado le… »
5	A 10ft great white shark has attacked and killed a 60-year-old surfer off the coast of New South Wales in Australia.
6	A 13-year-old boy allegedly committed suicide by jumping into Bhakra canal in Punjab after he received a scolding from his family for playing an online game PUBG, the police said Sunday.
7	A 14-YEAR-OLD Waveland boy was killed in a three-car accident in southern Montgomery County Sunday.
8	A 16-year-old boy was shot while riding a bicycle in Albany Park on the Northwest Side.
9	A 16-year-old mountain climber has been rescued after he fell 500 feet on Mount Hood Monday and hurt his leg, authorities said.
10	A 1949 storm followed an almost identical path.
11	A 19-year-old man was shot and killed in Detroit, near the site of demonstrations happening there.
12	A 2013 memo from Jeffrey Newton, who was then vice president for resource development, requested that officials “please mark all of Epstein’s gifts as anonymous.”
13	A 2016 Nebraska Farmer article featuring Panhandle grower Mark Watson illustrates the benefits of introducing another crop to the rotation in this case, using a three-year crop rotation with a pulse crop: field pea-corn-winter wheat.
14	A 2017 study by the group showed that if soybean oil is engineered to be low in linoleic acid, it induces less obesity and insulin resistance.
15	A 2021 premiere date for season four of has not yet been set.
16	A 20-year-old woman, succumbed to her injuries two weeks after she was attacked while helping her mother in the fields.
17	A £2.5 million planned investment to repair and extend the life of the linkspan at Gourock ferry terminal has finally been announced this week.
18	A 25-year-old man has been charged for allegedly pointing a firearm at several people in a home, say police.
19	A 26-year-old woman, a 25-year-old man, a three-year-old girl and a one-year-old girl were involved in the fatal crash and were all pronounced dead at the scene on the A82 by Hillfarm, Torlundy, around 5.30pm on Thursday.
20	A $277 per month condo fee covers building and common area maintenance.
21	A 30-year-old man in Namibia surrendered to police on Tuesday morning after beating his wife with a hammer on the back of her head, killing her instantly at Okahandja Park on Saturday.
22	A 36-year-old man in Brazil may be the first to experience long-term remission from HIV after treatment with only a specially designed combination of antiviral drugs, researchers said Tuesday.
23	A 41-year-old Ghanaian male who arrived in Ghana by KLM on the 15 March 2020; indicated exposure with family members in Amsterdam exhibiting respiratory symptoms and also on the flight with some passengers sneezing and coughing.
24	A 6-foot-5, 255-pound defensive end, Bean committed to Louisiana Tech earlier this month.
25	AANA chair Martin Brown said: “The nature of advertising has changed dramatically since the AANA established Ad Standards in 1997.
26	Aang’s arc is one story where he matures and accepts his responsibilities of maintaining balance and harmony in the world as Avatar.
27	Aaron Judge’s girlfriend name-dropped New York Yankees’ star after getting pulled over for ‘extreme DUI’
28	Abacus Planning Group Inc. Has $1.13 Million Position in Walmart Inc.
29	A ban on flights in and out of Yemen had already meant the UN has scaled back to essential staff only and stopped already limited medical evacuations for chronically ill civilians.
30	A barrel is perhaps the most important upgrade you can make to your rifle.
31	A basic approach to uncertainty is to take an action that minimizes the expected cost based on some statistical assumptions.
32	“A Bay Bay” rapper — real name Christopher Dooley — has bonded out of jail after being charged with second-degree murder and illegal possession of stolen things.
33	Abbasi says they are trying "to kill my daughter."
34	Abbott and Texas Secretary of State Ruth Hughs said the limiting order was enacted after Hughs learned that at least one county planned to accept hand-delivered absentee ballot applications at invalid county offices.
35	Abbott’s orders included opening museums, but at least one Dallas museum will remain online only.
36	Abby protests that Chance’s security company has so much potential.
37	ABC also reported that it was Fruman who recorded the conversation with Trump.
38	ABC has a habit of keeping really awful programs & I can’t imagine why!
39	Abe can do as he pleases as a private citizen, as a politician he should keep his religious practices strictly to himself.
40	ABERDEEN, S.D. (PCSaints.com) – A late surge from the Presentation College Saints falls short as the Waldorf University Warriors, 75-67.
41	"A better patient experience leads to better health outcomes."
42	A bicyclist rides near a sign Sept. 12, 2020 at the campus entrance to the University of Notre Dame.
43	A Biden White House would also mean re-building relations with the likes of NATO, the United Nations and the World Health Organisation, all institutions that the UK values.
44	A big fat zero," said Herron in the virtual sitting.
45	A big semi chugged alongside, complete with giant American flag and Trump 2020 mud flaps.
46	Abington Heights led for just 16 seconds when Corey Perkins, who had 12 of his 16 points in the first half, went coast-to-coast for a 20-19 lead with 4:10 left in the half.
47	Abiodun said the cement company had identified 28 contacts with the man.
48	A black lives matter sign hangs on a statue in Washington D.C. during a Juneteenth Black Lives Matter march on June 19, 2020.
49	A blonde and brunette hairstyle made famous by which defines cheekbones, brightens eyes and sharpens the jawline will be the most popular trend of 2020, a hairdresser who styles the tresses of Australia's top models has predicted.
50	Aboraya says although the early results are promising, it’s unclear just how effective it is.
51	A born natural, the 19-year-old is an extraordinarily skilled artist with a confident flow who raps about orchestrating a takeover, being an object of desire and challenging the skills of other DFW rappers.
52	'Abou Merhi Cruises has lost a precious soul in the tragedy that took place at the port of Beirut.
53	About 100 Qantas workers who work in the same area as the baggage handlers at Adelaide Airport have been advised to self-isolate, disrupting the airline's operations this afternoon.
54	About 10.30pm on Sunday October 4, in Corran Esplanade, Oban, a man, 30, was arrested for allegedly behaving in an abusive manner.
55	“About 1,440 employees could be affected, the Johannesburg-based company said in a statement.
56	About $1 million in the Prairie Pothole counties in north-central Iowa will seed conservation cover and other wildlife habitat on water-saturated portions of cropland fields.
57	About 200 people attended the rally.
58	About 20 of his cattle, he said were affected by the insect, adding he was fortunate, however, that none of the animals died.
59	About 2 million North Carolina voters have already cast their ballots so far.
60	About 50 of those are still active.
61	About 5.4 Swiss citizens, including registered expatriate Swiss, are eligible to take part in the votes.
62	About 7 p.m., Franklyn went to Pollard niece’s home and asked Pollard if the children had eaten for the day and she told him yes.
63	About 80% of the world’s trade crosses an ocean by ship, and the industry typically has two busy seasons tied to Chinese holidays — the New Year and Golden Week in October.
64	About 8 percent of the participants said they do not believe in any religion and 11 percent of them said that they have no belief hereafter, while 8 out of 10 young people noted that they have a religious belief.
65	About 90% of Sinovac’s employees have voluntarily taken the vaccine early, the company said.
66	About half of the Season 29 pros have yet to win a mirrorball trophy: Britt, Daniella, Pasha, Sasha, Brandon, Keo and Gleb.
67	About one in seven respondents (14%) had a connection but reported that their power worked half the time, or less.
68	About OTC Markets Group Inc.
69	About thirty minutes prior a 36-year-old man was wounded when he was shot in New City on the South Side.
70	Above: Clearcover employees at the company's Chicago headquarters.
71	A breakdown, a miscarriage, a job lost – they all led to better things.
72	A brief glance at the complaint shows a glaring disregard for facts, a stretch so long it is ridiculous to ponder.
73	A bright red Mars rising in the east.
74	A brilliantly inventive and overlooked title on this list, Welcome to Irabu's Office) is an 11-episode frenzy of bizarro tropes and color explosions based on the short stories by Hideo Okuda, (Psychiatrist Ichiro Irabu).
75	A broad report on the state of any hope of ever seeing the Snyder Cut is a pipe dream.
76	Absentee voting is beginning for Minnesota's Presidential Primary.
77	“Absolutely devastated to hear this news today.
78	Abstaining is a tricky game to play.
79	Abu Dhabi expat, Musa E., whose three children go to Al Murooj Scientific Private School in Abu Dhabi, which is under the British curriculum, said he received a communication from the school about the week-long holiday on Wednesday.
80	Abu Dhabi Police on Saturday announced the reopening of two of its Customer Happiness centres as well as its Light Vehicle Inspection centres.
81	Abudulai Harisu wrote; “Remember that same sabotage was meted out to government recently when the whole roads projects for Volta region was taken out or omitted by the same civil servants, which took the Finance Minister back to Parliament to correct it”.
82	Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla are a household name in the fashion industry, which is why Bollywood too can’t get enough of the designer duo.
83	Abuja — The World Health Organisation has raised the alarm that 500,000 children were denied access to immunisation from the wild poliovirus in 2016, due to insurgency in the North-east.
84	Abu Ubaidah bin al-Jarrah recognized his Khalifa and saw him coming.
85	A California judge has ordered to pay porn actor Stormy Daniels for her legal fees in the battle over her non-disclosure agreement with the president.
86	A campaign of this kind is likely unprecedented but represents what the women see as a unique moment in American political history in which the power of the Black voter — especially black women –has reached a zenith.
87	A Canada Goose is the only visitor outside at a COVID-19 testing centre in Toronto in April.
88	A carrier below the balloon will hold the instruments and the telescope.
89	A carry-on bag, by contrast, stays with the passenger.
90	ACB investigations established that Muhara, the then Chief Secretary to Government, neglected his official duties by approving lease of the said land without following proper procedures.
91	Accenture Interactive-owned laid off 7 percent of its U.S. staff on Wednesday, about 40 people, mostly in the New York office and across all levels of the company and in all departments.
92	Accept that you are not home.
93	Access a Zacks stock report on BLL at https://www.
94	Access a Zacks stock report on REZI at https://www.
95	Access a Zacks stock report on SLCA at https://www.
96	Access to the show is just $10 for the whole family!
97	Accompanying the visual splendor is an original soundtrack.
98	According to a babysitter who was watching nearby, Bonang approached Laurie Melchionda’s front door while wearing a surgical mask and brown jacket, and carrying a box.
99	According to a copy of the letter, on Friday (April 3) Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) and Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-Calif.) seeking assurances it will hew to the deadline and "vigorously enforce" the mandate.
100	According to a DCSO press release, deputies arrived in less than five minutes and joined an off-duty nurse and firefighter in providing lifesaving efforts to the boy.
101	According to Amnesty International, a recent massacre took place in Tigray.
102	According to an analysis from the National Women’s Law Center, Native American women and Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islander women in 2019 saw their pay gaps close slightly from 57 cents and 61 cents in 2018, to 60 cents and 63 cents, respectively.
103	According to an October from Pew Research Center, 68 percent of registered voters who planned to vote for Biden said climate change was very important to their vote, while only 11 percent of Trump supporters said the same.
104	According to a recent report by ‘Counterpoint Research’, online channels including Flipkart and Amazon accounted for 43 per cent share of the Indian smartphone sales in the June 2020 quarter as consumers preferred contact-less shopping experiences.
105	According to a report in Times of India, Andre was arrested after the statements of staff from the neighbouring bungalows and other items recovered from Ayesha's bungalow.
106	According to a Reuters report, the governor’s arrest has fueled a wave of repression following the vote.
107	According to a survey over 15,000 US shoppers conducted by BrandSpark International, 71% of US shoppers try new products from brands they trust the most.
108	According to a tally by Johns Hopkins University, over 13,000 people so far have died from the coronavirus since its initial outbreak with over 308,000 cases reported as of Sunday morning.
109	According to a University of Chicago/Duke 2016 study, when factoring in all African American and white men (inclusive of those incarcerated or otherwise out of the workforce), the racial wage gap is the same as it was in the 1950s.
110	According to authorities from all parties, scores of civilians have been killed or injured in attacks in Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh, and Azerbaijan.
111	According to Baggs, there were 75-100 people at the "The Surf's Up Shred the Tidal Wave of Tyranny" protest Saturday morning.
112	According to Barbara McQuade, who served as a US attorney in Michigan, “It is a violation of DoJ policy to confirm or deny the existence of an investigation.
113	According to Carlson’s report, Harrison-Hawkins presented her petition Monday night to the Lawrenceburg City Council, which has no control over the monument.
114	According to Cheat Sheet, Don’s children only received $1 million in properties, while his holdings were estimated at more than $5 million.
115	According to Colorado Lottery’s Communications Director Meghan Dougherty, “Joe B.” bought one ticket in the morning, the other in the evening.
116	According to Comelec, applications for registration may be submitted from Tuesday to Saturday, 8 A.M. to 3 P.M., at the OEO.
117	According to Cormsa spokesperson Abigail Dawson, the group had concerns with the exclusion of both undocumented and documented immigrants, as well as asylum seekers.
118	According to Courtney, who plays Elle’s best friend, Lee, “The Kissing Booth 3” was filmed in secret at the same time as “The Kissing Booth 2” and is already in post-production.
119	According to CP Muri, the suspects have been charged to court for prosecution while the remaining suspects will be arraigned in court accordingly.
120	According to data from the North Carolina State Board of Elections, most of the ballots that have not been accepted are rejected due to incomplete witness information.
121	According to data from the state, 44% of North Carolina’s Covid-19 cases are in patients between ages 25-49 but they only account for 4% of Covid-19 related deaths.
122	According to data from the UW System Accountability Dashboard, the total number of employees listed as working under for System Administration increased from 287 in 2017 to 610 in 2019.
123	According to Democrats there is no problem by letting dead people vote.
124	According to detectives, a victim reported losing hundreds of dollars to a person posing as an Eddy County Sheriff’s Deputy on Jan.
125	According to Diversity and Inclusion Manager, Denise Banuelos, the previous year saw for the in-person event.
126	According to Dr. James, Morris Brown collected $500,000 toward the accreditation application through October.
127	According to Dr Musenero, railway services are going to be used to transport fuel.
128	According to Dr. Persaud, this initiative will continue once COVID-19 continues to pose a threat to the public.
129	According to ET’s source, Chris was reportedly seen at a Santa Monica-area hospital on Friday.
130	According to Federal Government of Somalia (FGS) officials, trafficking has been rampant in the country for decades.
131	According to Ferris, the book has been doing well on Amazon, and they are looking to branch out to other platforms.
132	According to Globalsecurity.
133	According to Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s office, a negative coronavirus test is not a pass from quarantine, but this information can be hard to find (it’s on page six of ).
134	According to Harrison, the Department of Health and Senior Services conducted an on-site inspection following the outbreak at the Chillicothe campus, in keeping with coronavirus response recommendations.
135	According to Health Ministry data, 1,692 people in Israel have died from the virus since the start of the pandemic.
136	According to her, government gave the farmers money, while the Ministry of Agriculture conducted sensitization and training for the farmers.
137	According to her, the teachers are expected to return to their localities and replicate the knowledge to other teachers and the pupils.
138	According to her, the wife of the Governor, Erelu Bisi Fayemi, has commenced advocacy to curb sexual assault in the society.
139	According to him, a recent publication described Nigeria as having the most dangerous waters to trade in, in terms of maritime security.
140	According to him: "Most of our members do not have the GIPC registration, because it requires one million dollars cash or equity and they gave us 14 days within which to regularise.
141	According to him, their morning and evening meals are obtained through the charity by the neighbors and the rich people, and currently do not have any stable income.
142	According to him, there will be no increase in electricity tariff without consultations.
143	According to him, these community centres were at par with five star hotels and thus the booking rates of these community centres were kept high as compared to that of others.
144	According to him, with the digital identity card, Nigerians will be able to transact businesses, insurance and cashless services without any hindrances.
145	According to his Facebook account, Okhotnikov claims he resides in Moscow, Russia, but recent posts in his said account has geotagging located in Tblisi, Georgia–bordered by Russia in the north.
146	According to his personal tracker, he’s only been able to find 17% of past residents show up on his stat sheets — an admittedly unofficial figure, he said, given the myriad possible outcomes.
147	According to human rights groups in the Philippines, the arrest of Frenchie Mae and the others is part of the government’s work to silence those media personalities that are critical to the policies and principles of the state.
148	According to international law and standards on conditions of detention, the Tunisian authorities should ensure that all prisoners have prompt access to medical attention and health care.
149	According to Israeli human rights lawyer Eitay Mack, who campaigns to increase transparency in Israel’s defence exports, the arrangement between the BIR and Israeli’s trainers is highly unusual.
150	According to it, the influence of the National Orientation Agency (NOA) which, in collaboration with states and local governments, would have been best suited for this task, is yet to be felt.
151	According to Johns Hopkins University’s tally of cases, there have been at least 2,638,338 cases of coronavirus in the US with at least 127,485 deaths.
152	According to Lancaster, the closure is an event under state definitions, which requires a manager and a plan for how to keep people in compliance with COVID-19 safety guidelines.
153	According to LaTanya, Nicole Young helped drive a wedge in between Dre and his estranged children.
154	According to latest reports, Tripura has 1,559 Covid-19 cases, out of which 1,199 people have recovered, leaving 360 active patients.
155	According to local media reports, Tesla has promised to relocate colonies of forest ants, reptiles and bats, and is working with conservationists.
156	According to Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), NLFT was responsible for violent activities including 317 incidents in which 28 security forces and 62 civilians lost their lives during the period 2005-2015.
157	According to Morgan Stanley, mutual funds have gradually moved towards better assets after the IL&FS crisis came to the fore in September 2018 and hence should be able to tide over the current crisis.
158	According to new data from San Jose Police, several schools have been burglarized between March 15 to April 11. School burglaries are up 550% from the same time period last year.
159	According to Niluka Gunawardena, who is a Disability Researcher & Educator, Sri Lanka’s view towards Persons with Disabilities predominantly remains charity-oriented.
160	According to North Dakota Highway Patrol, a driver hit a barrier while driving westbound near the I-29 south exit.
161	According to O'Brien, the 1-month-old was present in the car during the incident.
162	According to one worker, at least 30 shelters in north Edmonton were damaged.
163	According to Osinbajo, the 60th Independence Anniversary could be the beginning of a major turning point in the history of Nigeria.
164	According to OutKick, that was in 2007, when the San Antonio Spurs swept the LeBron James-led Cleveland Cavaliers.
165	According to People, Andy, 65, passed away suddenly just last week, and.
166	According to Pittsburgh Police, police were alerted to multiple shots fired in the 300 block of Moore Avenue just after 1:00 a.m. on Friday.
167	According to police, the charges were a result of a recent missing juvenile case out of Clear Lake.
168	According to police, the driver of the vehicle is believed to have struck two pedestrians, who were declared dead on scene.
169	According to pre-general election financial filings, Harrison has raised more than $100 million, becoming the first U.S. Senate candidate ever to do so.
170	According to Prof. Naidoo, globally since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic, there has been an increase in the prevalence of common mental disorders, such as anxiety and depression.
171	According to Rain’s site, when the SIM is used in a router, it may require manually entering Rain’s APN settings.
172	According to Rausch, some of these sounds, such as a baby crying, won't be sent to the cloud, to maintain privacy.
173	According to recent figures, there were 35 covid-related outbreaks in care homes in the first week of September – which rocketed in the second week to 228 incidents.
174	According to residents, the group were following two a group of Gishu dancers who were moving from Nakifuma to Kateete.
175	According to Scaramucci, a Biden victory “will be the end of Trumpism.”
176	According to Serge Bromberg of Lobster Films, which is responsible for the restorations, French cinephiles knew of Valray’s movies as something that probably no one would ever see.
177	According to Sessions, the hotline is not currently available to the general public and is being used exclusively for first responders at on-scene emergency incidents in South Snohomish County.
178	According to Smallbones, many of the edits were neutral, while some were flattering and others unflattering.
179	According to some estimates, the US is likely to see nearly 60,000 deaths by August and many of them would be in New York, the current epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic in the United States of America.
180	According to Sonko, an effective migration policy emphasises the promotion of the dignity of migrants, their wellbeing and respect for their rights.
181	According to the agencies that crash-test cars, the Mazda 3 is very safe.
182	"According to the arrest warrant, the victim believed she was in a relationship with Jackson after meeting him on popular dating app Tinder.
183	According to the bishop, the result of that test was that the existing structure was deemed completely unfit for the magnitude of work to be done, especially to support a heavy roof, to withstand likely earthquakes.
184	According to the charge, the EFCC alleged that the defendants accepted cash payments above the threshold set by the Money Laundering Act, without going through a financial institution.
185	According to the circular which was signed by Ibrahim Jere, Permanent Secretary (Public Service Officer), “all Permanent Secretaries, Directors General, Chief Executives of agencies and parastatals, as well as directors will work from Monday to Friday.
186	According to the Commissioner, the bandits regrouped in the said neighbouring state and advanced to the community after losing a number of their members to the superior firepower of the security operatives.
187	According to the complaint, Ekers' grandmother had skull fractures and internal bleeding.
188	According to the Department of Correction, a 32-year-old inmate at the Corrigan-Radgowski Correctional Center in Uncasville has tested positive for the disease.
189	According to the Disney Parks Blog, the poncho donation was inspired nurses across the country who found that rain ponchos can be used to protect clothing and prolong the use of personal protective equipment.
190	According to the federal indictment against them, the two Florida-based businessmen who were both born in Ukraine ultimately donated $325,000 to the pro-Trump Super Pac, in money illegally funneled from a still-unidentified Russian businessman.
191	According to the Financial Times, several experts say it could be the building blocks for competing with Google.
192	According to the FIR, the police received information of the incident at 12:25pm on Thursday.
193	According to the Health department, of the 3,073 new confirmed cases, 2,800 or 91 percent occurred within the recent 14 days (September 15to September 28).
194	“According to the income-tax department, there are roughly 1 crore people with a salary income of less than Rs 3.5 lakh a year or Rs 30,000 a month.
195	According to the infamous magazine, the star is now "singing a different tune now that summer fling fades" and his relationship has "already hit a sour note" after just a month or two.
196	According to the Kazakhstan leader, it is necessary to further discuss a number of issues and adopt the document during a face-to-face meeting, which will be held sooner or later.
197	According to the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC), a 54-year-old South Korean resident of Wuhan who arrived back home on Monday tested positive for the virus.
198	According to the Korean Film Council (), just over 1.83 million tickets were sold in March.
199	According to the latest Petroleum Activities Report, which determines the annual return on the investment of bulk oil importers, oil companies are currently recouping less than they should on their investments.
200	According to the minister of Health, Sílvia Lutucuta, who was speaking at the usual press conference to update the covid-19 data, it is a 44-year-old individual who arrived in Luanda on 19 March, from Portugal.
201	According to the minister, the State is also implementing peri-urban projects and renewable energy projects targeting off-grids and at least 29bn/- and 333.43bn/- have been allocated in the 2020/21 budget for the purpose.
202	According to the ministry, ‘Telethon Jamaica: Together We Stand’ was inspired by the new single of the Jamaican Reggae singer, Richie Spice, titled ‘Together We Stand’.
203	According to them, the allegations against him were grave and negatively impacts the image projected by the regime of President Muhammadu Buhari.
204	According to them, the Applicant failed to show how a Bill that has not been enacted into law violated his fundamental rights.
205	According to the national dashboard, 23 deaths were reported during the last 24 hours, taking the tally to 440 while 4,817 patients have recovered from the virus thus far.
206	According to the National Park service, no further details were available about the incident.
207	According to the New Mexico Brewers Guild, breweries generated more $350 million for the state’s economy.
208	According to the newspaper report, Colorado State football players and members of the athletic staff say coaches told them not to report coronavirus symptoms and threatened players with reduced playing time should they quarantine.
209	According to the nonprofit Pollinator Partnership, which promotes National Pollinator Week June 22-28, a third of all food and beverages rely on pollinators, an estimated $20 billion worth of products in the U.S. alone.
210	According to the official data, after 2,276 tests, 538 people resulted positive with coronavirus, while 405 recovered from the virus, bringing the total number of the active cases to 23,637.
211	According to the official twitter page, “Squatty Potty is the original toilet stool designed and made in the USA to give you the perfect posture for optimal elimination.”
212	According to the Ohio Secretary of State’s Office, 1.76 million ballots were cast in this primary, which represents 22.65 percent of Ohio’s registered voters.
213	According to the order, the panel needs to submit their report within three months.
214	According to the overnights posted to Showbuzz Daily, SmackDown on FOX Friday night drew an average of 2.040 million viewers.
215	According to the PJ, among those documents were salary declarations, bank account statements, and even employment declarations.
216	According to the police, the 21-year-old driver was subjected to a breathalyser test, and the results determined that he was above the legal alcohol consumption limit.
217	According to the Power the Polls website, they are hoping to motivate as many as 250,000 Americans to volunteer as poll workers for the upcoming election.
218	According to the press release, “The lawsuit also claims that the Flint City Clerk is violating the Michigan law that requires a clerk to immediately mail an absentee ballot to a voter when the clerk receives a voter’s absentee ballot application.
219	According to the province’s daily epidemiology report, 14 of the 21 deaths recorded on Thursday were residents of those facilities.
220	According to the published data, Scotland and Northern Ireland reported no COVID-19 deaths in the previous 24 hours.
221	According to the Red Cross, "the winter months are traditionally a challenging time for blood donation.
222	According to the regulations of IAS 20 government grants are only reported if there is reasonable assurance that the conditions are complied, and the grants will be received.
223	According to the report, Disney won't try to "shoehorn" a larger story into the Bambi reboot in order to make it feel more theatrical.
224	According to the report, GOP consultants believe Trump has a “caricatured view of what he believes his base wants” that at times belies reality.
225	According to the report, Nevada businesses are mutually concerned with issues such as education, homelessness and affordable housing, matching previous years areas of concern.
226	According to the report’s findings, about 80% of countries have national plans of action and policies, but only one-fifth have plans that are fully funded or have measurable targets.
227	According to the report, the 53-year-old singer was transported to the North Shore hospital within the past week after experiencing pain in his groin and gut. Ultimately Kelly underwent hernia surgery for which he is now in recovery.
228	According to the South African Poultry Association (SAPA), there are many reasons why eggs are good for you.
229	According to The Times, the pilot, Ara Zobayan, did have instrument certification.
230	According to the two sources, Gilles Le Borgne, who was hired on Jan.
231	According to the University of Massachusetts, garlic bulbs saved for planting the next years’ crop should be stored at 50 degrees.
232	According to the US federal law, all CBD oil-infused products shouldn’t contain over 0.3% THC.
233	According to the VA Dept of Health 78% of all cases in the state are found in Northern Virginia, Richmond and Tidewater – representing only 17 of the 133 counties in the state.
234	According to Virginia Department of Elections, they are collaborating with Virginia Department of Health and Virginia Medical Reserve Corps on how to conduct the election in a way to keep the public and election workers safe.
235	According to WABetaInfo, the test is being carried out on up to four devices simultaneously.
236	According to Wikipedia, pickleball is a paddleball sport (similar to a racquet sport) that combines elements of tennis, badminton, and table tennis.
237	According to Wilcox, data shows that schools and elementary school children are not major sources of virus spread.
238	According to WindEurope, the country is expected to double its wind capacity from 7.4 GW to 14.9 GW by 2023 and the government has set a target of 100% renewable electricity production by 2040.
239	According to Zacks, analysts expect that Genesco will report full year earnings of ($3.56) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($4.29) to ($2.82).
240	According to Zacks, “Enquest PLC is an oil and gas development and production company.
241	A CDC advisory panel to prioritize vaccines for front-line health care workers and residents of long term care facilities.
242	“A ceiling of $5,00,000 may be put under the scheme so that the investment and tax deduction are limited,” he said in a statement.
243	A Cenovus spokesman confirmed they are not affected.
244	A charred body had been left in a ditch and there were tyre marks in the adjacent field.
245	A Chicago police sergeant witnessed the shooting and followed Johnson, who was driving a white pick-up truck, police said.
246	A Chief Magistrates Court in Kafanchan, Kaduna State, has sentenced one 19-year-old Sunday David to six months’ imprisonment and five strokes of cane for stealing two phones and N13, 500.
247	A child can need extra attention.
248	A child who has been quarantined and monitored for the with 194 others at March Air Reserve Base has been taken to a hospital after developing a fever, Riverside County health officials said Tuesday.
249	A Chinese hacker has revealed how he conducted cyberattacks on foreign governments, companies, and overseas dissident groups on behalf of the communist regime, blowing the lid off the secretive world of Chinese state-sponsored cyber espionage operations.
250	A chirpy sheep took the new guidelines on outdoor exercise a little too far and had to be guided back to his pen.
251	A 'circuit breaker' lockdown has already been in force north of the border for a fortnight, with bars and restaurants restricted from serving and shut altogether in much of the country.
252	A city project identifying historically important properties keeps raising eyebrows, this time when it comes to a 50-year-old grey apartment building at the northeastern corner of the Golden Triangle neighbourhood.
253	Acknowledging the existence of apparitions in the Catholic Church, Fr. Apangu notes there are tasks the investigation team performs, adding that the final decision maker is office of the Bishop.
254	A classmate of his is snacking on some blue biscuits, but he refuses to share after Baby Yoda politely puts his hand out and coos.
255	A Cleveland native, he previously covered the Chicago Bulls for CSNChicago.com and worked at CBSSports.com. Proud Wisconsin Badger.
256	A closely watched figure has showed the world’s sector all but ground to a halt in the final month of last year.
257	A cluster is when three or more cases of Covid 19 are reported in the same setting within 72 hours of each other.
258	A collaboration of the Taiwanese Embassy and the Cultural Development Foundation (CDF), the contest was organized in observance of Taiwan’s National Day, Oct. 10.
259	A combination of jogging and ‘plocka upp’, Swedish for ‘to pick up’, the term entails jogging and quickly stopping to pick up trash while out running.
260	A comfort with oneself.
261	A committee of Broncos parents is working on plans to build a permanent at the site.
262	A common problem that Ashley and Jocelyn expressed were their difficulties maintaining boundaries.
263	A COMMUNITY project to give youngsters a sense of purpose and help them move away from the scourge of drugs is growing from strength to strength in Greenwood Park.
264	A conjunction is when two or more celestial objects appear to be close together in the night sky.
265	A constable is a commissioned peace officer, elected by county constituents every four years for a particular area or precinct of that county.
266	A container ship arrives in Auckland earlier this year.
267	A cop has to jump into the pool to arrest her.
268	A coronavirus vaccine was earlier expected to be ready by early next year.
269	A counter-demonstration supporting the statue drew far fewer participants.
270	A county boundaries map from 1870.
271	A county-by-county update (see below for advance voting times, places).
272	A county-wide mask mandate from the state goes into effect at 6 p.m. Friday.
273	A couple gives birth to their baby.
274	A couple of neat additional functions that we found helpful while riding are the call and text notifications, allowing you to see straight away if someone was trying to contact you.
275	A couple of the residents from the most affected areas, Benjamin Bullock and Tom Duvall, asked several questions of both the council members and the engineer during the discussion.
276	A couple spoke in favor of retaining Robert Ruffner, former executive director of the Kenai Watershed Forum, whose term expired last year.
277	Acquired in a shocking trade that sent 2019 first-round pick Katie Lou Samuelson to the Wings in February, Stevens had season-ending foot surgery last August to address an injury that had been bothering her since 2018.
278	A criminal complaint states that Maple Grove police received a call from Ekers' father on July 8 saying Ekers had severely injured members of his family.
279	A cross-party committee of county councillors quizzed bosses of the East Kent Hospitals University NHS Foundation Trust over what had gone wrong and what was being done to address the failings.
280	Across Pennsylvania there were 12,757 new negatives for a total of 3,131,631.
281	A cross-section of Nigerians, who participated in the online poll, said they preferred that the army remains stationed strategically than for them to withdraw and the men of the Nigeria Police Force take over.
282	Across the Argentine capital, the city of his beloved Boca Juniors, many more paid their own special homage throughout the night, the innumerable murals of Maradona painted around the city each acting as a shrine.
283	Across the country, there have been at least three other killings possibly linked to stresses around the covid-19 outbreak.
284	Across the West, there was a sense of deja vu as the virus’ spread prompted scenes that already played out in Asia, with workers foregoing offices, vigorous sanitizing in public places and runs on household basics.
285	A crowd fills the food court at a past Cortez Commercial Fishing Festival on the waterfront in Cortez.
286	A crowdfunding campaign to plant a third tree on the spot has raised more than £500.
287	A crowd gathers outside the Powerhouse Museum in Ultimo, Sydney, last week, to protest at the NSW government's plan to relocate the museum to Parramatta.
288	Acting DHS Secretary Chad Wolf this week that the federal officers have identified themselves with police insignia.
289	Actinium (ACM) traded down 3.1% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0175 or 0.00000185 BTC.
290	Action is necessary as a matter of urgency.
291	Action under Disaster Management Act will be taken against the ones who will fail to comply.”
292	Active cases were estimated at 105,658, the most since Aug. 26, and 63.5% more than when active cases bottomed out on Sept. 20. Almost 5,800 COVID-19 hospitalizations were reported in Texas Monday, 87.3% more than at the Sept. 20 low point.
293	Active Education will also train an activation team that will target 20 schools in KwaZulu-Natal, 10 schools in Limpopo and 25 schools in Western Cape.
294	Activision Blizzard saw a path in adhering to a tried-and-true traditional sports model, and Overholt, with his background in that world, was a good fit.
295	Activision is planning a mid-Season 5 update that is expected to add a new weapon, new maps, and more to the experience, plus Season 6 is likely in the works as well.
296	Actor and activist George Takei shared a similar tweet with the false information on Thursday.
297	Actor Brian Dietzen — who plays Dr. Palmer on the NCIS cast — just posted to Twitter that they won’t fulfill the order of 24 episodes for Season 17.
298	Actor Jennifer Aniston didn't reveal if she ever actively pursued the role of Wonder Woman.
299	Actor-model Milind Soman, who turned 55 on November 4, celebrated his birthday in Goa.
300	Actress Fatima Sana Shaikh says she laughed off reports of her dating her “” co-star Sanya Malhotra.
301	Actually, it's free.
302	'Actually why does everybody have to get up and travel during the rush hour at a particular time in the morning?'
303	A cup of this coffee ranges from between $35 and $100, and $100 to $600 a pound.
304	A customer at the pedestrian mall, Shukri Hamid, said although the SDMC has set up the SOP to be followed by the businesses allowed to operate during the CMCO, several members of the public were still ignorant of the SOP.
305	A customer fills his cart with packs of toilet paper at a shopping centre in Sydney.
306	Adakole said that evidence has shown that the majority of Nigerians are susceptible, adding, in essence, we should not be caught off guard.
307	Adams added, “That said, we will continue to follow up on the cohort, especially those not contracted to franchises, through our Emerging Player program, which has so far facilitated many of our upcoming players who fall in the 19-23 category.
308	Adams attracted controversy after hitting out at the cancellation of his London shows this week.
309	Adamu Mohammed, the inspector-general of police, has announced the immediate disbandment of the special anti-robbery squad (SARS) following nationwide protests over its brutality.
310	Adam Vinatieri’s replacement held his job for 14 seasons before finally being released last month.
311	Adapted from “Cooking Down East: Favorite Maine Recipes” from Marjorie Standish.
312	Adapted from the Crimes in India published by NCRB, Government of India.
313	Adapting to those higher waters is going to cost Florida, the most vulnerable state in the nation, billions.
314	ADARA provides in-App capability to measure speed.
315	A date is yet to be revealed, but councillor Rob Humby, executive member for economy, transport and environment at the county council, warned that a number of measures would be in place.
316	Add corn; cover and bake until rice is tender and has absorbed all liquid, about 25 minutes.
317	Adding that current advances in technology could enable the world to halt the virus “in a shorter time”.
318	Adding to the damage was the Bank of Japan’s quarterly survey of business sentiment called “tankan,” which highlighted the gloom over a likely recession.
319	Adding to the pressure on Mr Setka, he was caught up in claims last year that he said Rosie Batty's work "had led to men having fewer rights".
320	Adding to the ref’s embarrassment, the match was screened on the Big Match the next day, and unusually for a London derby was shown in all ITV regions.”
321	ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) — Ethiopian lawmakers on Thursday approved a controversial law aimed at curbing hate speech and disinformation,…
322	Additional admissions will be made based on results of the 2019 GCE Advanced Level Examination, Prof. Sampath Amarathunga, the Chairman of the University Grants Commission said on Wednesday (Sep 09).
323	Additional dates and events will be added when possible.
324	Additional details probably will come to light next year when county commissioners review Boring’s plans.
325	Additional disclosure: Disclaimer: Opinions expressed herein by the author are not an investment recommendation and are not meant to be relied upon in investment decisions.
326	Additional information about the state of emergency and closures will be posted on the Sheriff’s Office Facebook page and on the following web sites when more information is available.: https://www.
327	Additional intelligence briefings "would be useful," Biden added, but "we don't see anything slowing us down."
328	Additional loadouts: 5 loadouts aren’t enough, so we’ll be adding more loadout slots over the coming weeks!
329	Additionally, being a responsible driver, he has never filed for a claim.
330	Additionally, Beth Israel Lahey chief executive Dr. Kevin Tabb has announced he will take half his salary for the next three months, and that other executives will see pay cuts.
331	Additionally, defensive lineman is no longer listed on the roster as well.
332	Additionally, Delta has ranked No.1 in the Business Travel News Annual Airline survey for an unprecedented eight consecutive years and been named one of Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies Worldwide for two consecutive years.
333	Additionally, ensuring adequately trained staff are available to process and clear the mail upon arrival is essential.
334	Additionally, Glasgow can be better utilized at his natural position, OG.
335	Additionally, I block off 15 minutes in the morning for yoga stretches and light calisthenics.
336	Additionally, marking tasks as ‘done’ has a positive psychological effect.
337	Additionally, Meyer talked a little bit about the main villains of the original series, the Volturi.
338	Additionally, read carefully the exclusions of the home insurance policy before purchasing.”
339	Additionally, the College has made promises that comfort students despite their loss of half of a semester on campus.
340	Additionally, they know me quite well.
341	“Additionally this was our first semester as an RSO, so it was already a challenge to get it started,” Reifenheiser said.
342	Additionally, travellers returning from high-risk countries will be actively followed-up for 14 days by the NCDC and Port Health Services.
343	Additionally, we have also curtailed or renegotiated a number of third-party expenses.
344	Additionally, Wilde will be pulling double duty and perform in a supporting role in the film.
345	Additional sampling of drill core and outcrops over the whole property for further lithogeochemical and geometallurgical work is ongoing.
346	Additional snow accumulations up to 3 inches are possible.
347	Add mayo and spoon onto English muffin.
348	Addressing a press conference on Thursday, members of the alliance not only demanded that the police be stopped from interfering in peaceful protests against NPR anywhere in the State, but also withdraw cases filed so far with regard to the protests.
349	Addressing a virtual Education Select Committee, Nicola Dandridge, chief executive at the OfS, said students should be told what kind of experience they will receive in advance of accepting offers.
350	Addressing D.C.’s Howard University in 1965, LBJ said in a speech written by Richard Goodwin, “We seek… not just equality as a right and a theory but equality as a fact and equality as a result.”
351	Addressing journalists at the end of the meeting, the PDP leaders said the agenda of the Esan people was to become the next governor because the post has eluded them for 22 years.
352	Addressing people from Gorakhpur, he also said people should be prepared for situations like janata curfew in the coming days as well.
353	Addressing the ceremony, the premier said the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) government is taking steps to make Pakistan a welfare state on the pattern of state of Madina.
354	Addressing the continued ceasefire violations being carried out by India against Pakistan, Major General Babar Iftikhar told the media present that Indian forces had violated the ceasefire 850 times in the ongoing year.
355	Addressing the lawyer of Malir Development Authority, Justice Faisal Arab remarked that the Supreme Court has already rejected the petition.
356	Addressing the press at EOCGA offices in Mbabane on Wednesday, the President, Peter Shongwe, said the grant came when they needed it the most.
357	Adds, after the scandal involving Boeing 737 MAX crashes, legislation to beef up the Federal Aviation Administration's aircraft certification process.
358	Adds Ivanka Trump's scheduled speaking date and time.
359	Adds Microsoft’s Teper, “It’s surreal to see people react when someone misses a free throw—you can see them all groan at the same time.
360	Add the butter and mix.
361	Add the dividend yield that has been approximately 2% per year during the period, your annualized return would be close to 14% per year.
362	Add the milk a little at a time, stirring well between additions to remove any lumps.
363	Add to this overconfidence and opportunism, given that the United States, the European Union, and other major countries are seemingly incapacitated by the coronavirus and are perceived to be weaker and unable to push back against Chinese aggression.
364	• Add two parking areas with a total of 17 spaces to serve the hand-carry launches fishing areas and extending guardrails.
365	A dear friend of mine must scour the Internet looking for the most depressing stories to text me with links.
366	A debate between President and Democratic candidate will be held in Miami just three weeks before the election, officials said Tuesday.
367	A decade later, he got into food processing and his company FIL Industries Limited had the distinction of being the only private player in apple processing with German collaboration.
368	A decade later, her portfolio’s only continued to grow.
369	“A decision based on the realities in each division will provide clarity for conferences and campuses as they determine how to safely begin the academic year and the return to sports.”
370	A decisive commitment to the public health system is also necessary to guarantee equality, meaning a greater investment of resources.
371	A decline of 100% from the average session volume of 271 shares.
372	Adele became a body positivity icon for her larger figure when she first rose to global stardom, proudly declaring on 60 Minutes in 2012: 'I don't wanna be some skinny mini with my t**s out.
373	A Democratic party spokesperson said the party believed early voting went well overall and that having a paper backup option used by some precincts to speed up the process was a planned contingency.
374	A demolition on Sunday morning left the single tower behind.
375	A Department of Health and Social Care said it was putting in place a £30bn plan for jobs across the UK, as well as its £170m funding to increase Universal Credit.
376	A deserted polling centre at Sir Salimullah Medical College in Dhaka, during the February 1, 2020 Dhaka city corporation elections.
377	A design like HBTC, which aims to be the bridge between the centralized and decentralized finance, ensures that users do not lose the value of BTC while enjoying the flexibility of Ethereum.
378	Adesina is a civilian academic and a continental technocrat.
379	Adhesives used in the hot bond process offers a strong, long-lasting repair with a minimal risk of tearing, snagging, and other wear to the belt.
380	Ad hoc kosher slaughterhouses, mainly in Poland and other parts of central Europe, account for a significant portion of the total produced in Europe.
381	A dining area in Marc Jacobs’s triplex in Paris, designed by Mr. Fortune.
382	A diplomat told News24 that escalating troubles in the continent meant the deadline of silencing the guns in Africa in 2020 would not be met, but would have to be deferred by a decade.
383	A disclaimer on the Google search page displayed to Australian users on Aug. 17 (Screenshot).
384	A display board will also be put up specifying details on the quantity of water harnessed, he added.
385	A divisive topic, commuters will have varying opinions about which tube line is the worst.
386	Adjusted EBITDA represents adjusted net income(loss) before income tax benefit(expense), amortization, depreciation and interest.
387	Adler said in an email that he had sent a letter on Tuesday requesting a compassionate release for Cohen despite Pauley’s order.
388	Administration is asking the community to maintain social distancing, wear face coverings at all times and wash hands regularly through it’s “For Pete’s Sake” campaign.
389	Admission prices at major fairs across the country continue to rise, which strains the ability of many families on ever-tighter budgets to enjoy a day together.
390	’ admission that the only joke he regrets is the one he made about the actor and comedian.
391	Admission tickets are available online at the as well as the Summerfest Box Office located near the south gate.
392	Admittedly, I haven’t watched Rashed aside from a handful of highlight videos but he looks like a player that would sign off on.
393	A dog in South Africa ended up swallowing its owner’s engagement ring and the X-ray images of the pooch with the ring visible in the stomach have gone viral.
394	A donation drive was held Thursday at the Onalaska Armory on Oak Forest Drive.
395	Adopted this 3rd day of February 2020.
396	Adopting a rational choice approach to life decisions, they used available money to buy food rather than buying facemasks or sanitizers.
397	Adriana LaGrange said she has directed her department to transfer the funds to school authorities as soon as the province receives it.
398	Adrian Hayward of Memorial finds running room after taking a block from Tre’Vonte Caines (55) during a scrimmage at Nederland.
399	Adrienne had been on and off the canvas of the soap opera in recent years, but had recently returned to reunite with the love of her life, Justin Kiriakis (Wally Kurth).
400	AD Ryan Callahan, continued, on testing: "That was basically the straw that broke the camel's back, how are we going to test our athletes -- especially in the 'high risk' sports."
401	Advanced Energy Industries (NASDAQ:AEIS) issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday.
402	Advancements in medication however mean that most people with HIV are able to live a normal life.
403	Advance Minnesota, backed by business and pharmaceutical groups among others, has spent more than $1.1 million so far.
404	Advances in WBE technologies and applications are progressing rapidly.
405	Advance voting was first opened to the public last Thursday, October 15th, giving people seven days to cast a ballot at an early polling station.
406	Advisory fees earned from completed M&A transactions generated US$58.4 million, up 266% year-on-year and the highest first quarter total since 2017.
407	AEN Smart Token (CURRENCY:AENS) traded up 3.1% against the U.S. dollar during the 24 hour period ending at 0:00 AM ET on October 20th.
408	AEP subsidiaries continue to develop and deploy programs to optimize the electric grid and bring the benefits of electric transportation to all customers.
409	Aerie Pharmaceuticals is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Crispr Therapeutics, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks.
410	AEW using one move that’s been popularized in WWE is not that big of a deal in the grand scheme of things.
411	A failed dump-in led to a fast counterattack, but Samorukov’s equally fast reaction and retreat enabled him to contain the would-be jailbreak to the outside.
412	A falling participation rate occurs when the unemployed get discouraged, stop looking for work, and drop out of the labor force because they can’t find jobs.
413	A family gathered in front of the Madison County Courthouse for the All Jobs Are Essential rally.
414	A family member, who asked not to be named, confirmed Ramjee's death following complications arising from asthma and pneumonia and that she had been cremated.
415	A family sleeping in their own home near Kenwood Avenue woke up to a fire burning through their fence and into a tree in their back yard Friday morning.
416	A fan favorite is the Jidori Chicken Wontons with Spicy Sauce topped with garlic and green onion.
417	A Fatah spokesperson tweeted that Erekat was moved to the hospital due to complications from the lung transplant he underwent three years ago, and not due to his coronavirus infection.
418	A federal judge in Washington had ordered Tajideen’s release in May.
419	A federal lawsuit filed by President Donald Trump’s re-election campaign should be dismissed because the plaintiffs don’t have standing to challenge Nevada’s recently passed elections law, state and national Democrats argue.
420	A female Maltese journalist was filmed being pushed by a government official during a protest yesterday (December 2).
421	A fenced area was entered after the suspects cut the fence and stole property.
422	A few days ago I wrote to the head of the Australian Payments Network asking them to lift the limit on tap-and-go payments so that you don’t have to touch those keypads to enter your PIN.
423	“A few days before the MTV Awards it hit me in the shower.
424	A few decades from now, Grandin wrote in his email, “Trump will be seen as significant, but really just a minor blip compared to the crisis that lay ahead.”
425	A few Google searches had united us.
426	A few members of her group decided to meet in Walnut Creek Metropolitan Park to dress as Catrinas – a female skeleton symbolic of Día de los Muertos – as they typically do.
427	A few minutes passed and then a few more.
428	A few months later, Hitler began the Blitz.
429	A few noted that tablets are not ideal devices.
430	A few of the faces working with, or helped by PICYS.
431	A few of the most aggressive prosecutors either held or were nominated for positions at the DOJ in which they assisted with counter-investigations into Ukraine and Russian election-meddling involving close associates of Trump.
432	A few shows kept popping up again and again.
433	A few Twitter users made more inappropriate comments, claiming that the images will result in the couple having a third baby.
434	A few weeks after expressing an interest in playing Red Hood for DC, John Boyega shares a piece of fan art depicting him as the character.
435	A few years ago, he moved to Lokanthali of Bhaktapur to be with his son.
436	Afghanistan was simply too far for the Pentagon’s land-based fighters to fly without lots of aerial refueling—but B-1s based in the Indian Ocean island of Diego Garcia could fly over Afghan airspace and loiter overhead for hours at a time.
437	A field goal made it 17-0 just three minutes into the second quarter.
438	A field of cows is obscured by a dusty haze caused by nearby harvesting, Falun, Alberta Thursday Oct. 1, 2020.
439	A fifth of the schemes should have been rejected outright, and more than half should have been amended to improve a sense of place and help pedestrians and cyclists, the report added.
440	A fight broke out after the speech between protesters and Proud Boys members.
441	A fight broke out on a bus in Surrey after a passenger confronted a man for not wearing a mask, Metro Vancouver Transit Police say.
442	A final question for investors to consider is a potential US blacklisting.
443	A firefighter walks through smoke in Irvine, California.
444	A firefly just happened to cross in front of the telescope.
445	A: First and foremost, picky eating is not your fault!
446	“A flag’s sole purpose is to unite a people around a common cause,” Lamar wrote.
447	A Flash Flood Warning is in effect for southeastern Sussex County until 12:30 p.m. Sussex County and lower Delaware Bay are also under a Tropical Storm Warning.
448	A flashlight system with 25 units was also introduced; these kept blinking continuously in areas through which elephants were passing.
449	A flock of luxury brands joined the newly introduced Shipinhao, WeChat’s answer to Instagram, including Louis Vuitton, Dior, Fendi, Prada and De Beers.
450	AFL: The Suns had a stirring win over the Swans, and the newest nominee of the rising star, Izak Rankine, had another blistering game, he spoke with Fox Footy after the game about how he did it.
451	A foot chase ensued and Mr. Garner entered into the thick woods and his hands could no longer be seen, Deputy W. McDowell deployed his agency issued taser, Mr. Garner was apprehended and placed in handcuffs.
452	A force spokesman said: 'At this time, the source of these infections is unknown.
453	A former gang leader and current bachelor, Onizuka becomes a teacher at a private school.
454	A former Nadi Rugby Union official Noa Neivalu believes the Ilai Derenalagi-coached side has what it takes to win the Farebrother-Sullivan Trophy on Saturday.
455	A former New Orleans Saints receiver will apparently have to wait an extended period before debuting with his new employer.
456	A former student of a Nobel laureates, John Nash and Daniel Kahneman, I try to combine what I learned from them and from working in the professional world in my rants and writing.
457	A Forward analysis comparing news reports of campus antisemitism between 2016 and 2018 to the filings for those years found that fewer than half of the incidents that could have been reported as hate crimes actually were.
458	A four-strong terror gang also discussed attacking MI5, the US Air Force, English Defence League and their local shopping centre.
459	A fourth defendant, Thomas King, 21, from Basingstoke, admitted conspiracy to steal a quad bike and was jailed today for two years.
460	A fourth season hasn’t been confirmed yet since the network Audience on which the show aired has been discontinued.
461	A four-year starter in college, has experience at both guard and tackle but projects best to a role on the inside in the NFL.
462	“African Americans have been living in a burning building for many years, choking on the smoke as the flames burn closer and closer.
463	African designers are making gains in this direction.
464	“Africans, especially Nigerians have so much to learn socially.
465	Africa’s underdevelopment result of poor curriculum?
466	“A friend gifted us with another one a couple years back, but when opening it, it had already broken — the packaging was from a Vermont country store,” Zavoral writes.
467	“A friend of mine is friends with his friend, another wonderful filmmaker, and from what she said about what he said about Fincher - sorry, a lot of people - is that he really just loves the work and he’s really kind and respectful.
468	A friend of ours is so smitten with these tops she sleeps in them – and having worn them for a few weeks we can see why.
469	A Frost Advisory was issued for most of the Pittsburgh area as temps are expected to fall just above freezing tonight.
470	After 12 years of being held in London, the tournament will be moving to Turin, Italy in 2021.
471	After 14 days of Isolation and COVID-19 test they went home.
472	After 20 minutes of labouring up a steep trail slippery with mud, however, I stopped and looked bewilderedly around the wet forest.
473	After 24 films, 53 Bond girls, and $6.8 billion in the bank, what can be said about James Bond that hasn't been already said a thousand times?
474	After 31 years of service, he retired from the Tennessee Valley Authority as a senior project manager in economic development.
475	After 9-11 I had an article published in the Chicago Paper blasting FDA for not being allowed to donate blood.
476	After 9/11, the FBI was given broad new powers to demand data from private businesses.
477	After a 72-hour quarantine period, the face coverings will be distributed under the guidance of the Medical College of Wisconsin.
478	After a brief conversation, the suspect shot the survivor with an arrow using a crossbow that was concealed inside of the box.
479	After acquiring Seattle-based Integris, OneTrust also rolled out new data governance and guidance, ethics, and privacy ; DataDiscovery, a data discovery and classification solution; and free tools to automate GDPR and CCPA compliance programs.
480	After acquiring the building, a plethora of renovations had to be performed in order to bring it to restaurant quality.
481	After a day of engagement and pressure on the Congresswoman, she pulled out of the event.
482	After advancing to the second round of the 2018 NCAA Tournament, Alabama looks to make it back to the Big Dance, following an appearance in the NIT at the conclusion of last season.
483	After a few seconds, Lee turned to John Silver and told him to shut up and the chanting stopped.
484	After a first failed attack, it seems as if Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah, possibly with Iranian help, tried instead to launch an attack from the Syrian border, though one that the Shi'ite axis expected would not lead to war.
485	After a frantic two-day journey, I reached Baku through Georgia to meet Mutalibov, the first president of the Azerbaijan Republic after its independence from the Soviets.
486	After a head start of over thirty years, innovation and entrepreneurship in CNG should be exported from – and not imported into – Nigeria.
487	After all, Black Widow escaped the program in order to redeem herself after years of bloody, covert work.
488	After all, he’s likely to be one of those characters you either immediately click with or are immediately irritated to no end by.
489	After all, he was just a kid, and they used to keep a lot of secrets from each other.
490	After all, he won’t want to be frog-marched out of the White House.
491	After all, is closing in on its endgame twists, so this final season will not be one to miss.
492	“After all of this, we still have 900 new infections yesterday … but overall, you see the number coming down,” the governor said.
493	After all, Putin has carefully cultivated a domestic elite from the corporate sector (the oligarchs) and the security sector (the ).
494	After all, the corporate media serves its master, the global elite, not those who consume its propaganda presented as ‘news’.
495	After all the costs in running a business to get great consumer products to people are taken care of, every last cent that Thankyou makes goes toward ending extreme poverty.
496	After all, the senior hit six treys and led the Greyhounds with 22 points.
497	After all, the union negotiated those protections with the city, led by the same progressive Democrats that unions kept in power here for decades.
498	After all, the user is the first line of defense for a computer.
499	After all, the wild West is calling and I must go.
500	After all, this show is about how people fake it on the surface, and whilst we see a quiet life being eked out, we don't know if the husband and wife are still tormented on the inside, which may well have been the apeth's long-term goal.
501	After all, we still have to eat and build our resistance, and we have to eat well.
502	After Amba Alagie, Baratieri abandoned Tigray and ordered Galliano to Garrison at Mekelle with some 2000 soldiers.
503	After a more than three-month delay, Major League Baseball will finally start its 2020 season with an opening-night TV double-header on ESPN.
504	After an ICE Air flight lands in a country — repatriating aliens who have been ordered removed from the U.S. — American citizens and legal permanent residents (LPR) are able to occupy available seats on the plane’s return leg back.
505	After an opening segment on the pandemic, Thursday's clash pivoted to rapid-fire exchanges over whether either candidate had improper foreign entanglements.
506	After Antoine Roussel found him alone at the side of the net, Gaudette beat Crawford for his 10th goal of the season.
507	After a ride on the TART trail, enjoying a movie at The Bay Theatre or a day of shopping about town, these restaurants can fill you up with some of the best foods made with the finest local ingredients northern Michigan has to offer.
508	After a rocky week for the HSE – which was forced to stall its Contact Tracing operation for 2,000 positive cases last week – referrals for testing have decreased.
509	After a Royal Canadian Legion convention in Winnipeg, Peter Underhill allegedly raped an underling following a drunken after-party in a hotel room rented by the Legion, according court documents.
510	After a sharp case rise in Danbury, Conn., the mayor says ‘we want to make sure that we can slow the spread.’
511	After a successful three years as Federation University’s vice-chancellor and president, professor Helen Bartlett will finish her term in July to assume the same roles but at the University of the Sunshine Coast.
512	After at least a dozen protesters were killed and injured in Lagos earlier this week, Nigeria's demonstrators are trying to regroup.
513	After a trip to the vet, though, the shelter workers realized that she wasn’t sick, “she’s just a jerk”, according to a Facebook post from the shelter.
514	After a week of fevered speculation from fans, Selena Gomez revealed herself as the mystery artist on Blackpink’s forthcoming single.
515	After a week of hysteria and memes, it's good to read some actual facts about Murder Hor—sorry, Asian Giant Hornets.
516	After a while, we both wound up at a corner waiting for the light to change.
517	After a year at the University of Northern Colorado, Royston went on to the University of Denver, where he mastered the textures, colors and techniques of classical percussion.
518	After barely accepting being HIV+, I couldn’t see how a future partner would be comfortable with something that I still hadn’t quite come to terms with.
519	After being brought on, a first design was submitted within a couple hours.
520	After being closed for 14 days, the land offices and registries across the country were to re-open on April 29, but in a newspaper notice by the CS, the closure was extended by another 14 days.
521	After being told nothing could be done by customer services staff, Jim wrote to the chairman of BA – but again he had no joy.
522	After being treated in Florida, Elliott was airlifted to the Foothills Medical Centre in Calgary.
523	After careful research, I’ve come to the conclusion the buzzing fly on the window or door is doing one of two fly-dances it has choreographed for this specific purpose.
524	After Colton’s season this year, her name was brought up again before Hannah Brown, 25, was ultimately decided upon.
525	After conducting interviews with relatives and friends of around 300 victims, KHN and The Guardian learned that one-third of the fatalities involved concerns over inadequate personal protective equipment.
526	After confirmation of the epidemic, China has laid out measures that have indeed ensured that the number of fatalities and those infected are minimal.
527	After COVID-19 hit, Nakedwines.com has seen an accelerated growth, Miller says.
528	After Deadpool and Spider-Man see a couple Carnage doppelgangers emerge from the smoke around them, Spidey swings to safety, with Wade clinging to his back like a backpack.
529	"After decades of determination, it is the honor of my career to lead the Miami Marlins," Ng said in a statement.
530	After easily defeating Amherst in the semifinal 62-15, they clinched their trip to the state tournament with a 39-38 triumph over Brillion that was not nearly as close as the score indicated.
531	After encountering Jim Corrigan, Oliver agreed to become the new Spectre.
532	After falling to one of the top teams in the state on Monday, the LCHS girls basketball team responded in its final game of the Jackson EMC Tipoff Classic at Jefferson High School, dominating the…
533	After fighting the giant crustacean, a geyser launchers her back up to the ocean's surface.
534	After five years, the city is no closer to achieving the primary objective of creating trust between police and the communities they serve.
535	After Foot Guards, the Household Cavalry, The King's Troop and Royal Horse Artillery trooped past, the Queen then headed back to Buckingham Palace to the balcony for the Royal Air Force fly-past.
536	After four ebbing, flowing days, we are none the wiser as to what the score will be when the two teams meet again in Manchester on Thursday.
537	After four seasons of misadventures, the characters on finally made it to the titular paradise — only to find it in as much disarray as the rest of the afterlife.
538	After Germany's surrender, the resourceful young man persuaded the Czechoslovakian communist government to supply air power to the Israelis in their 1948 war for nationhood.
539	After going winless in their final six games before the coronavirus pandemic halted the season in mid-March, the Stars went to the NHL bubble in Edmonton to finish the season.
540	After graduating, he took a job as a music teacher in the Durango public schools.
541	After having surgery to treat the problem, picked up in the 33-30 victory over Wales, he said he would use the opportunity to 'regenerate'.
542	After, he commented, “This weekend was always going to be difficult following the penalty from Knockhill but I think given that we made great progress in races one and two.
543	After his basic and formal education, he gained admission to pursue a Bachelor of Science in Geological Engineering at Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in 1997 and successfully completed in 2001.
544	After his colleagues rushed to the home and revived him, he was taken to the hospital, where he eventually recovered from the virus.
545	After his death in 1894, a relative, Julius Czerwinsky, took over the business.
546	After his loss, Silva said he was unsure if it would be his last professional fight.
547	After his release, Kuka told VICE News that the fight for justice would continue, so that the Sudanese people "will be able to create art, we will be able to have freedom of speech, and move on."
548	After in 2000 – nothing was the same for this contemporary painter.
549	After Ingraham’s show aired, many people expressed dismay at Dr. Phil’s segment.
550	After Japan’s recent Covid-19 spending, the country’s debt-to-GDP ratio exceeds 250%.
551	After joining the profession, she attended the Cyril Potter College of Education from 1999-2002 where she fell in love with the job and decided to continue.
552	After landing in the hospital, she called one of her best friends, Victor Ayala, to say goodbye.
553	After learning that a staff member had Covid-19, the dispenser says they were told to come to the hospital for tests and were given some protective gear.
554	After lining up a target with his Kraber sniper rifle, the resulting shot not only killed the intended player but pierced through to eliminate 2 more enemies behind the first.
555	After listening to the plaintiff’s Counsel, Justice Tijjani Garba Ringim of the Federal High Court, Owerri granted the reliefs sought.
556	After long days working as a city councilman attempting to handle the pandemic, the requirement to social distance forces Randall to meet with potential new therapists online through video chat in the evening.
557	“After looking at the trends, I believe we can no longer afford to put our children at risk of infectious diseases by allowing non-medical exemptions,” Health Commissioner Renee Coleman-Mitchell told legislators at a public hearing on the proposal.
558	After looking back at ’s fourth quarter, it’s easy to see what he meant.
559	After many experiments — and lots of taste testing — Whirly Bird opened its order window and installed its menu on the left rear wall of the Haywood Road sandwich shop, piquing the curiosity of people waiting for their sandwiches.
560	After many visits to various doctors, they came to the conclusion that the hair loss was a delayed response to his traumatic experience of having been run over by a car two years earlier.
561	After moving onto other projects individually, the team reformed in 2016 and returned to Manga Rock with a new perspective.
562	After much research and thought, Native Circle now boasts of a template that is up and running.
563	After Murray held to go ahead, 6-5, Zverev double-faulted twice more to open his next service game.
564	Afternoon tea in London is big business (trust us, we've tried a few in our time) and you can discover almost any variation you can think of, from Alice in Wonderland to chicken wings.
565	After obtaining professional advice from Third Pillar Pension scheme professionals, the devalued figure of €73 million was found to be acceptable to the union.
566	After Oct. 31, admission is $15 adults and $7.50 for children.
567	After opting out, the subscriber said she went back into the USSD menu only to find that her settings had not been changed at all.
568	After Paragould dented the plate in the top of the third, Bryant went back to work.
569	“After practice with the team, I’ll spend another two hours practicing my short irons.
570	After probes by followers, Derick finally revealed that he and Jill needed permission to be at the Duggar compound from Jim Bob.
571	After publishing her discovery in 2011, Charpentier began working with Doudna to both recreate this genetic manipulation tool and simplify its molecular structure so that it can be more easily used by human beings.
572	After Ramayana, JNU to host ‘lessons from Bhagavad Gita during COVID-19 crisis’
573	After receiving the present ahead of his upcoming 43rd birthday, Tity Boi wasted little time getting into it.
574	After reports of rats chewing on preserved bodies surfaced in Decemeber 2017, new freezers were provided.
575	After returning from Namek, Goku passes away from a Heart Virus.
576	After roughly three years, a criminal probe has been launched into the controversial BVI Airways deal between the airline and the previous National Democratic Party (NDP) government that was led by former Premier, Dr D Orlando Smith.
577	After running the tot to hospital, he learns his son has contracted measles.
578	After Saturday’s 2-0 win over Werder Bremen, the former Liverpool, Juventus and Bayern Munich player said: “I am very happy to be here.
579	After selling lemonade for two weeks, Jaycee has raised $150 for the Ronald McDonald House.
580	After she completed the writing workshop, she wrote and published several stories.
581	After she was intubated, "her numbers were not improving, her oxygen level was not improving," Duarte's mom, Ana Tejada, said.
582	After singing “Imagine,” she went into a version of “My Favorite Things” from “The Sound of Music.”
583	After some cajoling, their parents agree.
584	After some crew members issued desperate pleas for help, Princess Cruises told them on Saturday that once all passengers had left the ship, they would have to endure their own 14-day quarantine.
585	After speaking, Judge Bowman put on a black face mask.
586	After speaking with numerous witnesses and viewing CCTV footage, Abbotsford Police said on Thursday that their detectives have a very good description of the suspect and his vehicle.
587	After spending time with them, the families dropped their relatives back off at City Hall before they were taken to the airport.
588	After splitting, the orbs split a second time before disappearing.
589	After stripping Lara of the captaincy and planning to pick an alternative team, Rousseau backed down so that the tour proceeded, if a week late.
590	After St Vincent's were made aware of this, they were able to locate Mr Heide's test and informed him on Wednesday he was negative.
591	After Sunday’s game, Mahomes was asked if he had any advice for the Chiefs fan who posted a video of himself on Twitter leaving Arrowhead Stadium when the Texans were ahead, 24-0, because he felt he was jinxing the team.
592	After taking control of the Senate in 2015, Republicans slow-walked some Obama nominees for executive and ambassadorial posts and grudgingly allowed a 56-43 vote of approval for Loretta Lynch as attorney general after months of delay and debate.
593	After taking this course you may retake the course at an advanced level.
594	After terrorizing Stanford for 37 points in the first meeting, Sabrina Ionescu took a more well-rounded approach with 21 points, 12 rebounds and 12 assists for her 26th career triple-double.
595	After that, my uncle was told to start paying for his pills.
596	After that, their seats will be released to new subscribers or those requesting seat changes.
597	After that, the price may continue growing towards 1600.00.
598	After that time elapsed, I paused to gain my bearings.
599	After the arrest of the suspect and upon diligent investigation, his accomplice, Oluwole Olapade, a resident of Yemetu in was trailed and arrested.
600	After the bio-buttons fiasco which uncovered that they were not designed for active and healthy people, and anyone under 21, one would think HSA has learned the lesson.
601	After the break, Leipzig stepped up the pressure with Kevin Kampl blazing a golden opportunity over the crossbar in the 65th minute, but the hosts could not make their dominance count.
602	After the commencement of operations, the participation of Ghanaians shall be at least ten percent by value in the provision of goods and services or as may be prescribed by regulations.
603	After the four catch-up games, the 27th round of action will be played with matches scheduled from Monday, June 22nd to Wednesday, June 24th.
604	After the H20 Holy Faith apartment, the twin towers of Alfa Serene was brought down.
605	After the interval, Jangoo danced into Sinclair and thumped him over mid-off for four and when the second new ball was taken, flicked Christopher Barnwell for four, while Anguillan Hodge stroked a bullet-like drive back past Smith’s ankles for four.
606	After their father is murdered under mysterious circumstances, the three Locke siblings and their mother move into their ancestral home, Keyhouse, which they discover is full of magical keys that may be connected to their father’s death.
607	After the long, drawn-out process that the city government requires of us, it’s great to see that we’re moving hot and heavy right now.”
608	After the pandemic hit and schools sent students home, Cole applied for unemployment insurance.
609	After the photos of smouldering ruins flooded the media this morning, it is clear that what is burning today is Europe’s dignity.
610	After the police nabbed her, she confessed that her only reason for her action was to meet the rapper nothing else.
611	After the rally, he will fly to West Bengal and then to Delhi.
612	After the secretary receives a written copy of the completed inquiry, he intends to thoroughly review the report and will meet again with navy leadership to discuss next steps.
613	After the split of Dawood Ibrahim gang in the aftermath of the 1993 blasts in Mumbai, Lakdawala started working with Chhota Rajan.
614	After they returned, they stayed out of school for a week as a precautionary measure.
615	“After they (stakeholders) understand (the SOP), the next approach is operation.
616	After this date, electors must register in person.
617	After this terrible turn of events, the losing Crustle will become unsure of itself and very weak.
618	"After three and-a-half years of Brexit uncertainty, dither and delay, many now seem to have the 2020 vision that this is the year to satisfy their pent-up housing needs."
619	After three years at the helm of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Jay Clayton had made it known to colleagues, friends and the Trump administration that he was itching to go back to New York.
620	After two failed attempts at being released from jail, he has now been granted parole and is due to be released.
621	After two surgeries, Ryan still hadn’t received the all clear.
622	After two terms in the House, Myhra gave up her seat in 2014 to run for lieutenant governor.
623	After two years the points total for a ban rises to 12, and drivers can go to court to argue they should not be disqualified.
624	After visiting the Kentucky Bourbon trail and other distilleries around the country, they had the inspiration to give the business a shot themselves.
625	After Washington rolled back these tariffs for Mexico and Canada, the two countries eliminated retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods in May, but U.S. exports of affected products have not rebounded.
626	After weeks in quarantine or isolation on the island of Guam, hundreds of members of the Roosevelt crew are beginning to move back onto the ship in a transition that will take several days.
627	After World War II and the Holocaust, during which his brothers saved more than 1,200 Jews, Aron Bielski moved to British Mandate Palestine and served in Israel's army during the 1948 War of Independence.
628	After years of delays construction began in Germany instead of the United States as originally planned, with German combat systems instead of American ones.
629	After Yeo returned to the US in November 2019, he planned to ask the officer for the classified information and wanted to reveal who he was working for.
630	A fully loaded handgun was allegedly found in a backpack on the front passenger seat of the car police pulled over on Wednesday morning.
631	A funeral for Constable Josh Presney is set to be held on Monday.
632	A further 23% of parents said they would struggle with returning to work if schools don’t reopen fully.
633	Again, given how that’s just weeks away, it’s too risky to potentially expose visitors and workers to the virus.
634	Again, if I had my way, in high school and maybe at the community college level, a mandatory course in parenting would be taught.
635	“Again, it is hard to tell.
636	Again, perhaps if Black and Brown voices were given the respect they deserve, global action would be more forthcoming.
637	Again, please provide suggested legislative text.
638	“Again some people added millipede, cockroach, scorpion and all kinds of insects bats, frog and even human flesh to their menu list; it’s becoming scary.
639	Against the foregoing backdrop, permit me to opine that government in the state should in the next political dispensation belong to the people and need to be for the people and, as well, by the people.
640	"Again, the ban, banning China from coming in-"
641	Again, those reactions are expected and happen in every criminal case.
642	“Again, we do not enter this special session lightly.
643	Again, we take no position on hydroxychloroquine … except that we believe people should be allowed to take it if that is their choice.
644	Again without naming Sanders, Biden repeated a recent argument from the power Culinary Union that a single-payer "Medicare for All" system would eliminate union members' health coverage won through collective bargaining.
645	Agapitov, who has had to deal with a series of challenges relating to widespread doping before he took charge of the FTAR in 2016, is a leading candidate for the European Weightlifting Federation (EWF) Presidency.
646	Aged 74 and overweight, the U.S. president is at risk of serious complications from the virus.
647	A general view of Flinders Street Station in Melbourne.
648	A generation ago, journalists saw themselves as Atticus Finch standing tall at the county jail demanding due process.
649	Agent 47, the series' protagonist, is as much a Bond stand-in as any video game character.
650	A German man set a Guinness World Record for most body modifications -- and he says he isn't finished altering his body.
651	Ag Growth International has a twelve month low of C$37.84 and a twelve month high of C$63.11.
652	A giant gas planet, HD 18742 b, is now named Bagan.
653	"A giant step toward a more perfect union," reads the inscription at the memorial's base.
654	Agid says it made several transfers which amounted to US$55,200 and US$60,139, noting that it paid a total of US$206,600 and Euro 60,139 which far exceed its share of 50 percent capital contribution as agreed upon.
655	A global pandemic, a climate crisis, and a president who is making it all worse.
656	A golf club has shut down, putting 81 out of work, and many residents have been cut off from their local supermarkets and forced to drive for hours to get basic supplies and medical care.
657	A good Christian Tonga, Bemba, Nyanja, Lozi, etc will be lead by good Christian values….
658	A good joke is always …
659	A good number of them have ensured that 60% or more of all people living with HIV are aware of their HIV infection and receive antiretroviral treatment.
660	A good piece of advice, no doubt, but we believe that charity must begin at home.
661	“A good, well-designed stimulus package will simply increase the chance of better outcomes,” Dimon mused, adding.
662	A goose does not operate by humanity’s moral codes.
663	A government, elite, media propaganda contradicted by people on the ground.
664	A graduate of Howard University, the 45-year-old from Charlotte, North Carolina, began his coaching career with the Bison after playing QB for Howard from 1993-1996.
665	A grant allows students with developmental disabilities to be included in all nine classrooms.
666	A graveside service will be held for family and friends at 11:00AM on Friday, May 15, 2020 at Evergreen Memory Gardens with Pastor Ralph Clayton officiating.
667	A graveside service will be held on Friday, Sept. 4 at 10 a,m, at Old Calvary Cemetery, Broadway, South Portland.
668	A great mentor to LaFleur maybe!
669	Agreed, but they did say that “international flights” will stop into the Brac to offload returning passengers (which all passengers will be needing to isolate/quarantine anyway) so that will not be a domestic flight and understandable.
670	A greedy Labrador left vets shocked after he walked into their surgery with more than a metre of lead hanging out of his bum after swallowing it whole.
671	Agritex officer for Silalatshani Noel Shava encouraged communal farmers in drought-prone areas to try quinoa.
672	A group of less than 20 San Marcans gathered at the Hays County Historic Courthouse June 12 to speak out against social injustice and in support of the Black Lives Matter movement.
673	A group of turtles in a pond between Mount Ojibway and Daisy Farm campground.
674	A group of up to 15 people observed Covid-19 social distancing rules as they gathered at a petrol station forecourt in Manchester where the father was tasered in front of his son.
675	Aguillard writes that he is prepared to "litigate such matters vigorously" as it pertains to cause for his removal.
676	A gun store that opened in 1911.
677	A gun was recovered.
678	A gurney—like the one Hines’ career was apparently on before a redemptive turn on Sesame Street the following year as a tapdancing magician.
679	A hair-raising video shows the moment an Airbus A380 landed sideways at Heathrow Airport as high winds from Storm Dennis pummeled the UK.
680	A handwritten sign taped to the wall and blowing in the wind on Octavia Street.
681	A haul of 49kg of cannabis has been seized during a joint search operation conducted by the Navy and the STF on Thursday at Ussella and Kudawewa areas in Thanamalwila.
682	Ahead of presenting Minogue, she echoed the singer’s sentiments regarding the fires back home.
683	Ahead of this special day for lovers, Business Insider SSA carried out a survey online to find the ideal budget for this special day.
684	A healthcare worker wearing a graduation gown as PPE.
685	A health surveillance officer monitors passengers arriving at the Hong Kong International airport in Hong Kong.
686	A hearing is set for Dec. 18.
687	A hearing pertaining to the KE’s petition is set to be held on March 4 in Islamabad, the NEPRA said.
688	A "HEARTY AMEN" to that.
689	A heavy police presence in the normally sleepy neighbourhood is rare, the neighbour said.
690	A Hibbing police officer saw Zephaniah James Skarja driving a red Chrysler 300 near the 1000 block of 25th Street East.
691	A high point for the franchise.
692	A high-powered inter-ministerial committee, led by the LGRD minister, finalised it late last year.
693	A high school track coach in Des Moines, Washington, was charged "four counts of communicating with a minor for immoral purposes" last week.
694	Ahmed's body was discovered along Churchill Drive, near Hay Street, just after 8 a.m. Monday.
695	A hoped-for development in southern Grand Forks would build strip malls, offices, apartments, condos, townhomes, single-family homes, plus a park or two southeast of the intersection of 62nd Avenue and Washington Street.
696	“A horrific tragedy, resulting from a lethal blend of arrogance and incompetence,” he added.
697	AHS already dispatches ambulances for about 60 per cent of Alberta’s population, including cities like Medicine Hat and Edmonton.
698	A Huawei spokesman said, “Our business has demonstrated exceptional resilience in these difficult times,” as per a report by Reuters.
699	'A huge number of officers worked to identify and bring Peter Sutcliffe to justice and it is a shame that their hard work was overshadowed by the language of senior officers used at the time, the effect of which is still felt today by surviving relatives.
700	A huge percentage of people who were international business travelers previously have had their travel severely curtailed whether they wanted it to be or not.
701	AIA Investment Management Private Ltd now owns 179,010 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,377,000 after purchasing an additional 124,009 shares in the last quarter.
702	Aidan Flynn scored five goals and added six assists.
703	Aided by a group of brave men, Professor Van Helsing arrives on the scene and takes on the Vampire Prince in the ultimate battles between the forces of light and dark!"
704	Aiden begins a relationship with Lydia, but it's mostly physical.
705	AIDS-related deaths also declined overall by 29% in the region.
706	“Ain’t a single body in this entire cursed country that didn’t have a hand in trying to own the African.”
707	AirAsia Philippines’ June performance contributed to AirAsia Group’s recent record-breaking 41,000 seats sold in a single day post hibernation.
708	Airbus has started to reinvigorate this once-sluggish segment since its 2017 purchase of Bombardier's CSeries -- now renamed the A220.
709	Airbus said Wednesday that its defense-and-space division has entered a consultation process with the European Works Council on its planned restructuring.
710	Air conditioners were like moksha and too remote an attainment for most.
711	Air core (AC) and rotary air blast (RAB) were typically collected at 1 metre intervals and placed on the ground with 3-4kg sub- samples collected using a scoop or spear.
712	Aircraft operators deny increasing fares, say they are “struggling to stay in business”
713	Airlines, cruise operators and hotels are seeing instant effects of the pandemic.
714	Airport authorities along with health personnel, were monitoring the temperature of all arrivals and carrying out enhanced visual observation for obvious signs of the communicable disease.
715	"Airtasker cleaners tell us this is driven by clients requiring 'deeper cleaning of the entire property' instead of 'just doing the bathrooms or wiping over the kitchen'," said Airtasker co founder and chief executive Tim Fung.
716	Airtel Malawi Managing Director Charles Kamoto who was over the moon said the company is so glad that it has finally made it to the stock market and off course starting on an excellent note.
717	Airtel Secure has been built to serve this need,” Vittal said at a virtual briefing.
718	Air travel is the fastest and most convenient way of reaching your preferred destination, especially if your target is overseas.
719	Ai’s “citizens’ investigation” into the state corruption that led to the deaths of many students in badly constructed schools has given him strong views on the way that governments respond to disasters.
720	AIZENMAN: You're welcome, Rachel.
721	Ajagba stopped Romania’s Razvan Cojanu in the ninth round of his last fight, March 7 at Barclays Center in Brooklyn.
722	A jar of mystery weed, you just dump the weed out and recycle the jar.
723	A.J. Bouye breaks up a pass during the NFL game against the Los Angeles Chargers at Empower Field at Mile High in Denver, Colorado, November 01, 2020.
724	A.J. Caldwell and Ramon Vila combined for 34 of the 64 points for the Mocs.
725	A Jones 1-yard QB sneak early in the third pulled Madison to within 22-21 and that’s where the game stood until late into the fourth.
726	A July afternoon in the Manor, where friendships as close as family grow, then: ‘Munchie, Munchie, hold on’
727	AKA even went as far as saying that Cassper’s entire family should perform a sexual act on him.
728	A kick staggers the challenger, corner knees, Three Amigos!
729	A kind, warm hearted man who I enjoyed having round Warren chase for the short spell he spent with us.
730	A Kiwi family have lost two homes amid the devastating Australian bush fires.
731	Akpanomo also testified during cross-examination that during his investigation, he never saw the corpse of the deceased and that a ballistic test was not conducted on the defendant’s weapon.
732	Akporiaye said, “There are also instances where some have made deposits for accommodation.
733	‘Akufo-Addo In Quarantine Not Isolation â€“ NPP Members, Okoe-Boye And Kojo Oppong Nkrumah ‘Clash’
734	A KwaZulu-Natal father says his family has been left traumatised following an incident in which two municipal peace officers grabbed his four-year old son while trying to enforce an arrest on Sunday.
735	Ala. — A teenager admitted to fatally shooting an Alabama sheriff who was attempting to disperse loiterers at a gas station, a state investigator testified Monday.
736	Alabama has an abundance of lakes and streams.
737	Alabama State Troopers have now identified the two people killed in a motorhome crash south of Montgomery.
738	Alabarces permanently adopted Ajax after his retirement from active duty and continued to care for him right up until his death in 2013.
739	A Labour source told The Times the appointments were routine and it was necessary to fill vacancies before the local elections in May.
740	A Lady Death cosplayer outside of the Phoenix Convention Center at Phoenix Fan Fusion 2019.
741	A laptop needs a CPU too, of course, and MSI has tapped Intel’s newly minted 10th-gen “Comet Lake H” Core chips for the Creator 17. Interestingly, MSI’s most potent CPU on offer is the Core i7-10875H, instead of Intel’s top-end Core i9-10980HK chip.
742	A large emergency services presence descended on a street in to attend to a medical incident.
743	A larger ceremony is hoped to be held in future weeks once coronavirus measures are lifted.
744	A large-scale manhunt has been launched in Vienna following the attack in the city's center, which a government minister has said had been conducted by radical Islamists.
745	Alarmed officials are rushing to learn more about how the virus is transmitted, including how many of those infected experience mild symptoms or none at all, and to what extent it can be spread by people who experience no symptoms.
746	Alaska’s job count was down 13.1 percent in April from the same month last year, a loss of 42,200 jobs, according to a issued by the Department of Labor and Workforce Development.
747	A lawsuit against the county resulted in a settlement.
748	Alberta currently has 29 cases of the virus in the province, with being announced on Friday.
749	Alberta Health Services has said it is using overtime and reassignment of staff to cover shifts at Foothills.
750	Alberta Justice spokesman Jason van Rassel, in a statement, said “This arrest… had to do with the individual’s failure to identify himself and provide his personal details to allow for the issuing of a ticket for failure to abide by public health orders.
751	Alberta says small modular reactors, or SMRs, could supply non-emitting, low-cost energy for remote areas in the province as well as industries that need steam such as the oilsands.
752	Alberta Sheriffs put the fire out with extinguishers and removed the 36-year-old driver from the vehicle.
753	Alberta’s Minister of Agriculture and Forestry Devin Dreeshen called the bans “unprecedented steps” at the start of wildfire season, which started on March 1, one month earlier than any other province.
754	Album closer “P2,” or “Part 2,” serves as a sequel to the hit “XO Tour Llif3.”
755	ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.—A patron lashed out at a Bob’s Burger employee last week after he could not take no for an answer.
756	Alcantara was charged with burglary, theft and malicious destruction of property.
757	Alcock and Brown froze in their open cockpit.
758	Alcohol and Other Drug prevention programs, and sex education instruction, may work in theory, but not after six drinks and two hours at a bar or club with the beast on the barstool next door looking like Eros incarnate.
759	Alcohol consumption initially dropped after restrictions were imposed but increased rapidly once they eased, while nicotine use remained stable.
760	Alcohol is found in holiday drinks, hand sanitizers, and even in perfume and cologne, so remove them from sight and reach.
761	Al Douglas, of Hideaway Lodge, told the meeting that even with the pandemic this year, “things have been good at the lodge.
762	Aldrick Rosas has been something of an enigma for the Giants.
763	A leader in the fields of pharmaceutical technology, research, and training, Dr. MacGregor has served as the President and Dean of Faculty of the Toronto Institute of Pharmaceutical Technology (TIPT®) since 1992.
764	A leading livestock enterprise in Nigeria, Animal Care Services Konsult, Friday donated 50 units of Eco-Pro smart cages to startup poultry farmers in Ogun State to boost poultry production in the State.
765	A leaflet is delivered for the Mutual Aid Coronavirus Community Support Group in London.
766	Alec Utgoff gives a tremendously nuanced performance as the central maypole around which Szumowska and Englert's film dances.
767	Aleksandr Lukashenko got familiar with the modern cattle breeding technology at the commercial dairy farm Mgle of the Smolevichi Dairies branch of the Smolevichi Broiler.
768	Alemayehu Garba, age unknown, male, detained in connection with Addis Ababa University student demonstration in 2004.
769	Alert Level 2 was hastily launched on March 21 followed by Level 3 on March 23 and then the panic - March 25 lockdown - with 205 cases caused mainly by the overseas travels.
770	A lesson in raw courage: It's a tale to horrify, humble and.
771	Alexander Barron, a computer savvy coyote watcher, created an online interactive map to track Windsor-Essex coyote sightings.
772	Alexander was the last man standing to pin Shelly on a double underhook piledriver.
773	ALEXANDRA – Borrow only from registered credit providers – Consumers warned.
774	Alexandra Police Station spokesperson Captain Stephen Malatji said the suspects who allegedly offered an R18 000 bribe were nabbed by members of the Flying Squad in the early morning of 6 January in the Wynberg area.
775	Alex Forrest says the list of incidents and statistics add up to perhaps the busiest year the Winnipeg Fire Paramedic Service has seen — ever.
776	Alex is the band’s drummer and is openly gay.
777	Alex Iwobi’s double and strikes from Victor Osimhen and Samuel Chukwueze handed the Super Eagles an impressive first-half lead before a brace from Al-Hadji Kamara and efforts from Kwame Quee and Mustapha Bundu ensured the game ended in a draw.
778	Alex Oakley, 25, a cashier, lives in Maidstone, Kent, with her fiancé Will, 25.
779	Alex races out on to the street, determined to fight back.
780	Alex, so far we’ve talked about what a handful of early acting governors have been up to.
781	Alex was found hanging out of the back seat because, Nodolf says, Ezra tried – but failed – to drag him out so she could drive away.
782	Alex worked her entire life to get into a prestigious college like Caltech.
783	Alex Yan and Arvin Ding, seniors at Irvine’s Portola High School, have held free weekly in-person tutoring sessions for elementary and middle school students since they started their organization Math at the Library in 2017.
784	"Alfie wasn't as bad, but as we now know it doesn't tend to affect children as badly, in most cases.
785	Alhaji Madaki Gololo, candidate of the Peoples' Democratic Party (PDP), has emerged winner of Saturday's rerun elections for Gamawa Federal Constituency in Bauchi state.
786	A liaison team is in the area, working with the OPP’s counterparts at CN Rail.
787	Alibaba Group today unveiled a new Olympic Partnership logo to mark the third anniversary of its strategic partnership with IOC.
788	A libation ceremony preceded the speaker, prepared by Nii Sowa-La, and the closing remarks and a certificate of appreciation were presented to Hinds by AACS Chairman of the Board of Directors Edmund G. Pinto Jr.
789	‘A lifeline for Biden, and he took it’
790	A light breeze blew and all was silent, except for a speech by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. sounding from the speakers.
791	A lightning storm caused the fire in the Mendocino National Forest north of San Francisco in August.
792	Alight on any of them and be transported somewhere different, somewhere exotically local.
793	Alight's direct work includes providing clean water, shelter, protection, nutrition and livelihood support in six locations around the country.
794	Ali helped UCLA jump out to a double-digit first-half lead with three 3-pointers, and Cronin said he was happy to see the fifth-year veteran’s shots falling early.
795	A limitation of the study was that it did not test the grasshoppers’ explosives-detecting ability when multiple odours were present at the same time.
796	Ali said “firms are looking at new standards that will support the UK industry beyond the initial post-Brexit phase, ensuring it remains a leading global financial centre”.
797	Alison initially travelled around Southland, working for a rural education programme, before landing her preschool teaching role with Montessori.
798	Alison Winstone, front, has been visiting her local cafe, Sideways Deli Cafe in Dulwich Hill, Sydney, more frequently since she has been working from home during the Covid-19 pandemic.
799	A little over two months removed from surgery, New England Patriots wide receiver is out of a walking boot.
800	A little saw (whose blade he had covered in duct tape for safety) to dig with or cut things like branches.
801	A little while later she prayed with him as he died and cried with the family.
802	Aliu’s skates crunch into the ice and he’s gone, pumping fast into the end zone.
803	Aliyu, however, said there should be strict compliance with COVID-19 protocols and a behavioural change to curb the spread of coronavirus.
804	Al-Jaafari refuted the recent American allegations about the exemptions and exceptions by the US government that allow the delivery of humanitarian aid and business transactions with Syria to provide medical and food supplies.
805	All 4 dropped the whole thing in the heated run-up to the US election so we could debate.
806	All accommodations and other expenses are taken care of.
807	Allah is indeed her strength.
808	All amounts in Canadian dollars unless otherwise stated.
809	All are invited to a meal of hot dogs, beef stew, baked beans, chips and beverage.
810	All are invited to attend.
811	All around it seems to be a one-to-one recreation of the outfit.
812	Allaying fears of the possibility of compromise, Lawrence said, “I’ve never done that and I will not do that.
813	All branches of the Rapides Parish Library will be closed until December 1, 2020.
814	All callers will be required to provide the Conference ID of 4168459.
815	All Certified Piedmontese beef is also verified all-natural and raised without hormones, antibiotics, or steroids.
816	All community gathering sites such as churches, longhouses, reception halls and other buildings facilities be closed to the public.
817	All Deschutes National Forest campgrounds will be closed through May 8, or until such measures are lifted.
818	All dine-in food service, whether inside or outside the establishment and admitting guests, patrons, and customers inside the establishment is prohibited.
819	All dogs in Prince Edward County that are four months of age and older must have a current rabies vaccination and a county dog license.
820	Allegations of corruption were the political weapon of choice at the recent ANC national executive committee (NEC) meeting.
821	All emotion aside, the situation is actually fraught with potential problems; I hope the operators of Loose Bay are prepared for the task.
822	All employees are eligible to request a waiver, including those who, by the nature of their jobs, are not able to complete their work from home, such as Facilities staff.
823	Allen said, “It’s disappointing anytime your ballot is rejected, but we did not see any pattern or part of the city… adversely affected by mail delivery.”
824	Allen, who is back in Omaha finishing up his classes at WNCC, said it is a big honor to show the hard work that he put in.
825	•All Events’ Staff must also be educated on recognising COVID-19 symptoms.
826	All events will be streaming from 6:00 PM Friday, May 22 to 11:59 PM Sunday, May 24. Attendees will be able to select disciplines and artists from the TNC website’s online timetable and index.
827	All eyes are on the Senate race as Democrats are hoping to flip vulnerable seats and gain a majority in the upper chamber of Congress.
828	All-female broadcast team set to make history Sunday…and then some!
829	All five authors gathered for a few days of story meetings at Skywalker Ranch in September 2018, joined by the Lucasfilm Story Group.
830	All fought Rhodesian sanctions for one reason or another.
831	All four groups that presented received funding, though some made adjustments to their initial ask.
832	“All four passengers tested negative for novel coronavirus.
833	All four were released on R100 bail.
834	"All friendships have their ups and downs, and it was bizarre to me, and I think bizarre for her, that the fact that we got into one fight during the two years we worked on the show was… weaponized."
835	“All held in administrative detention should be promptly charged and tried in a court of law or released without delay,” Mladenov said.
836	All her fans have sent in support to her on the post.
837	All he wants is to make it home to Chicago in time to spend Thanksgiving with his wife and kids, but bad weather causes his flight to get canceled.
838	All his life, Abba aimed to contribute to the community in every way possible.
839	All his trees use this efficient drip irrigation.
840	"All I can say is I wanted to make this for free speech and I don’t want this to be a partisan thing on either side," Tong said in an interview with The Sun.
841	Allie thinks she has come up with the perfect home for her child.
842	All I had to do was find a writer who knew enough about classical music to write one.
843	All I know is that as dark and bleak as 2020 felt, the songs that found their way onto my playlists and into my ears and heart helped keep hope alive, and if that’s not music loving us back, I’m not sure what is.
844	All I know was it was a long time ago.
845	“All I meant to do was scare him enough for him to discontinue use of his phones,” Judge James Burke said in denying the defense’s motion for relief and recusal on Thursday.
846	All I'm saying is there are too many reckless foreigners who easily disobey local rules that may lead to serious concequences like this time.
847	All in all, Desperate Housewives is easily still the most explosive dramedy of the 21st century which is why it’s no wonder millions celebrated in their droves when it dropped on Amazon Prime during lockdown.
848	"All in all, it's a terrible thing that started from road rage and evolved into a shooting," said Deputy Thomas Gilliland.
849	All Indians should embrace NEP whole-heartedly.
850	All indoor facilities will be closed to spectators.
851	Allin's twelve months has been defined by him coming up short against more established opponents.
852	Allison’s powers are a favorite among fans.
853	All I want to say is that now we have many new guitarists coming up and some have got skills that still need more knowledge.
854	All Lagbaja had to do was take off his mask, step out of the house and stroll leisurely to his car!
855	All landlords have a legal obligation to ensure that their rented properties comply with the regulations, while local authorities are responsible for the enforcement of the regulations.
856	All mating happens in mid-flight as the birds are foraging for flying insects.
857	All men diets have merit.
858	“All my friends think I’m crazy,” she said before returning to her book, “The Vagina Monologues” by Eve Ensler.
859	“All my life, the pressure of awards systems for the restaurant; these things keep you in line with what you should be doing but not what you want to do,” says Erasmus.
860	“All necessary resources of vaccination have been delivered to the states,” he added.
861	All of my coaches have been really good."
862	“All of the denim is sustainable, recycled, upcycled, we’re washing with lasers instead of water, we’ve been doing it for over five years,” he tells me.
863	All of the “legacy debate” is about the perpetuation of the British state’s narrative of the conflict here.
864	All of them have been shifted to the Army’s Base hospital in Delhi Cantonment, they said.
865	All of the psychos pushing for "reopening" need to understand what's really going on.
866	All of these cases have been taken up with the Judiciary for redress but regrettably, no action has been taken.
867	All of these destinations and countries feature on the Swiss authorities’ Covid-19 “at risk” list.
868	All of these people turn in solid work here.
869	All of these potential plans seem very fun, very much like a good D&D campaign made into a TV show, and I’m curious how Warwick Davis’ Willow himself will figure into all of this: Will he be an advisor to the quest, or will he be a leader?
870	All of these productions have strong character work, and amazing visulas, animated or not.
871	All of these shootings happened amid nationwide protests against police violence, racism and what is oftentimes their deadly combination.
872	All of these songs present soul, emotion and lyrical work that is to be admired.
873	All of this created panic and confusion among our workforce.
874	All of this is not to say we have nothing to worry about.
875	All of this new technology is introducing new risks into the world we live in. In the insurance industry, theyâ€™re known as â€˜emerging risks.
876	All of this suggests too many officials are simply enjoying treating us all like puppets on strings.
877	All of those elements are really important for us.
878	"All of us are going to play a role in this, and that means all of those in the public sector are going to have to play a role too."
879	“All of us are here to help you succeed,” Presnell said.
880	All of us are setting an example regarding these masks, or lack thereof.
881	All of us deserve to feel happy and celebrated this spring.
882	All of us, especially Leader, were always worried about Shahid Soleimani.
883	All of us have been and will continue to be affected by Covid-19.
884	All other methods of removing Trump from office have failed miserably, to the left, he must go at all costs.
885	“All our plans have been blown out of the window,” executive producer David Schulner said.
886	All our stories are ourselves destructing over time.
887	All over Canada, worship services are temporarily suspended as the COVID-19 virus spreads.
888	All participants must be prepared to be arrested.
889	All pillows throughout the house were created from her collection of textiles and tapestries.
890	“All places of worship (Churches, Mosques, etc.) must ensure that no gathering exceeds two hours, and also that no gathering exceeds 50% of the maximum capacity of the venue.
891	All poetry, he holds, represents an unusual condition, an exalted state or fervour of the imagination, as impossible to sustain for long together as if a man should try to live under water or a fish to live out of it.
892	All possible arrangements have been made to make their stay comfortable and memorable.
893	All proceeds from both boxes will help fund our year-round educational programming for farmers, gardeners, homesteaders, and eaters,” said Alexander.
894	All proceeds from the auction will help the Rehabilitation Center continue providing physical therapy and other services to children and adults with disabilities in the Tri-State.
895	All proceeds from this recording will go to Direct Relief, an organization coordinating with public health authorities to provide PPE to health care workers in regions affected by the COVID-19 outbreak.
896	All programs and events at the Public Libraries and Recreation facilities this weekend will continue as scheduled.
897	All Progressive Movement, Coimbatore, staged a protest in Gandhipuram recently against the Central Government for releasing the draft Environment Impact Assessment (EIA).
898	All promising salvation, all offering their quack medicines.
899	“All related decisions will be decided with the guidance of relevant health authorities, including the Ministry of Health and the World Health Organisation,” she added.
900	All RfQs must include the subject line “RFQ Reforestation Project Equipment”.
901	"All schools were closed on March 24, 2020 and subsequently reopened in three phases," said Ambassador Mathema.
902	All street vendors who have been in the business on or before March 24, 2020, are eligible to avail the benefits.
903	All sub-contractors will be welcome, and MEP contractors are strongly encouraged to participate.
904	All tables are 6 feet + apart from each other and guests are only seated with people they know.
905	All tables for guests from more than one household unit must allow for at least three feet of internal table distance between the diners who face one another across the table.
906	All tests administered so far have been conducted by the state, but more tests will be done as commercial labs get up and running.
907	All that being said, Flying Oak Games has expressed its intent to add content going forward, which may fix some of the repetitiveness.
908	All that changed on March 16.
909	All that does is make my job tougher when I write a lineup.
910	All that is deliberate.
911	All that matters is we stay apart from everyone wash our hands lots wear a mask and we will be safe from this nasty virus.
912	All the additional infrastructure works that are required for ensuring full operability of the new quay wall and the yard area.
913	All the betting collection of this unique betting house adventure boasts a start from 1 to help 900 coins each spins.
914	All the cabin members were very disturbed on the flight.
915	All the cards are stacked against the Su-57 — the price of oil is low, it’s engines are no better than its predecessors, and the current airframes it would replace are doing just fine.
916	All the items will appear in players' in-game accounts at 12 pm PT on November 20, four days ahead of Nuketown '84's official release date.
917	All the monument restrooms will be open, and rangers will be available to assist visitors who can hike the monument’s trail and enjoy the views.
918	All the movies are free and take place at 7 p.m. in the Abbott Room of the library, located at 106 High St.
919	All the Oscar nominees are listed below by category.
920	All the other benefits in the Rs.
921	“All the people we tell about this are intrigued,” Peter said.
922	All the prints are available through Galerie St. Etienne at relatively accessible prices, starting at $250.
923	All the quarters of the complex will be connected by a network of bike lanes.
924	All the same lightweight features and benefits of the MM710 are intact, with the addition of LED capability that is customizable via the Cooler Master software.
925	All these according to Mr Salton encourage private sector investment in the economy.
926	All these, CDD observers reported, happened in the presence of security personnel.”
927	All these development needs point to the growing role of DFIs.
928	All these fees and taxpayer funds being wasted while Australia slips down the OECD PISA measurements - with NSW’s decline the steepest.
929	All these years later, the dream of MLK that character counted more than skin color has been blown into a million tiny pieces by the left’s dedication to identity politics.
930	All the space-based adventures of Elite Dangerous, but in VR.
931	“All the stores will be out of toilet paper, and so will all the restrooms, so if you are lucky enough to have some, you will need to carry it with you wherever you go.
932	All the way until the end of the season, I didn’t know the next turn this character was going to take,” Bomer said.
933	“All the while doing fire and EMS on the side,” Barthman said.
934	All the while, Turley transformed the department into one of the best private collections in the country — as well as opening members’ minds about the complexities of Mormon history.
935	All the while, work continued on the novel, and his relationship to it changed.
936	All things considered, if you haven’t had any luck with American roulette recently, maybe it’s time to switch to its lower house edge equivalent from Europe.
937	All things considered, Invictus Gaming’s ability to score well, specifically in wins, gives them an edge in this slate.
938	All this Evan fury could force Ben to do some reflecting and perhaps focus on a better way to manage his anger.
939	All this has prompted Beijing to begin penalising Australian exporters.
940	All this trouble for five regular-season games that could hurt a lottery seed.
941	All three devices have the same core Logitech-like design—minimal but with a subtly elegant flare.
942	All three of the level 3 sex offenders staying at the Holiday Inn Express have been convicted for the rape of minors.
943	All three will manage smaller portfolios for the organization.
944	All told, he admitted harming 87 victims at 53 separate crime scenes spanning 11 California counties in a plea deal that spares him the death penalty, prosecutors said.
945	All told, the company has suffered $1.7 billion losses so far this year.
946	All too frequently, she said, is the subsequent realization the congestion, headache, and other common ailments were signs and symptoms of coronavirus infection.
947	All Top 3 finishers in the Low Gross category received cash prizes with Jin and Park taking home $800, Kim and Lim pocketing $650, and Kang and Lee getting $500.
948	All Up fast/Semi fast locals leaving Thane from 11.24 am to 3.08 pm will halt at Diva, Mulund, Bhandup, Vikhroli, Ghatkopar and Kurla stations in addition to their respective scheduled halts and will arrive destination 15 minutes behind schedule.
949	All well worth her time, if you ask me.
950	All we need is some time to get the new rules clarified.”
951	All you have is a suitcase.”
952	All you have to be doing now is to buy one of these products and to make use of them in an effective way as possible.
953	All you have to do is show up and make memories, all while respecting social distancing guidelines and health precautions.
954	All you need is a display and an audio source and you’re ready to game.
955	All you need is a library card and a search engine.
956	Alma Alfred celebrates with her son Edrick after her winning toss in a game of connect three with her family at Liberty Park on Thursday afternoon.
957	Al-Mohannadi added: “It is an honour to represent the ITTF Executive Committee on the WTT Board and be able to make good use of my past experience to help push table tennis to the next level.
958	Almost 500,000 Romanians live and work in northern Italy, while the Mediterranean nation has been the top destination in recent years for local doctors and nurses seeking higher pay in Europe’s richer west, according to the European Commission.
959	Almost 70 percent of current state senators haven't had their say.
960	Almost certainly the IOC’s stance comes from not wanting to risk the huge sums of money from sponsors and TV companies.
961	Almost everything he said and did was defined by his relationship to Dio and the quest to slay him.
962	Almost immediately after the Constitution’s enactment in 1787, Congress passed a law that allowed the president to use the military to respond to a series of citizen rebellions.
963	Almost out of tackles who could contribute but fortunately McKivitz was around.
964	A loan waiver of Rs 2 lakh for farmers has been announced by the newly formed state government with a cut-off date of September 30, 2019, and relief to non-defaulting farmers with a loan more than Rs 2 lakh.
965	A local approach to eating out reinforces what we love most about Montreal’s food scene.
966	A local Jewish leader was fine with it.
967	A long-debated proposal that would allow people with concealed-weapons licenses to carry guns on Florida college and university campuses was filed Monday for consideration during the 2021 legislative.
968	Alongside a photo of herself on stage, she wrote: "The best birthday gift has been the support of all my fans and the most amazing and hardworking team an artist could wish for.
969	Alongside emergency accommodation being provided by local businesses, the charity has been working with local restaurants in the area who have been donating hot meals to those in need.
970	Alongside him is Gnabry, who has developed from Arsenal and West Brom outcast into one of the finest attacking talents in Europe.
971	Along the way, the suspect allegedly picked another stone and struck the now deceased again on the head, killing him on the spot.
972	Along the way, they pick up some new heroes and together form a modern-day Justice Society of America.
973	Along with practicing massage therapy and teaching it at Minnesota State College Southeast, Bennett began speaking at women's groups about the importance of touch after reading an article in The New Yorker.
974	Along with that, the twists at the end of the movie were unnecessary and a bit much.
975	Along with the state-wide dining room and bar shutters, it includes avoiding social gatherings of groups of more than 10 people.
976	Along with the talk with McLaughlin, the council will also discuss updating the electronic course proposals.
977	Aloof and hungry, Iris is a difficult, brilliantly realised character, and one whom the author never judges.
978	A look back at "Jurassic Park," the groundbreaking decision to create digital dinosaurs, and the impact it had on the future of movies.
979	A lot of concerns that we might have had about Bernie's ability to build a broad coalition have been assuaged in the last couple of weeks.
980	“A lot of military training is aimed at getting an individual out of their comfort zone for this reason.
981	A lot of people don’t actually owe anything.
982	“A lot of people have heard of turkey gizzard or giblets that you use for gravy, but that gizzard is a big strong muscle that is their personal feed mill.
983	A lot of people say, you know, “I voted for Trump last time, but I’m sorry I did it.”
984	A lot of such questions are being raised about the North Korea leader as the world is speculating various possibilities based on inside intelligence and satellite imagery.
985	A lot of the fans of the show are sharing everything that’s making their heart skip a beat.
986	A lot of these games put the player character on the left side of the screen, so that the average right-handed player can prioritize the information they're receiving on their primary side.
987	A lot of writers are, given the complex lyrics and storytelling style of Darnielle.
988	A low CD4 count, recent opportunistic infections and high viral load clients are at high risk due to compromised immune systems.”
989	ALPA’s view is that the extensions “are not necessary,” said Rob Thomas, ALPA director of training and a United pilot.
990	Alpha Coin (CURRENCY:APC) traded 0.3% higher against the U.S. dollar during the 1 day period ending at 23:00 PM Eastern on October 3rd.
991	Alpha filed for bankruptcy in 2015, the same year that federal prosecutors brought a case against former Massey CEO Don Blankenship.
992	Already a popular concept in the US, forward guidance took over from the bank’s traditional assessment of what to do that month based on the available data.
993	Already Exxon seh Lisa 2 gon cost US$6 billion.
994	Already in May 2020 the World Bank Group announced its emergency operations to fight COVID-19 had already reached 100 developing countries – home to 70% of the world’s population with lending of US$ 160 billion-plus.
995	Already, Israel is coping with an unprecedented wave of toxic jellyfish that has damaged coastal power plants and scared off beachgoers and tourists.
996	Alright, onto the show.
997	Al Roker has prostate cancer.
998	ALSIP, Ill. (WLS) -- Dozens of Chicago-area families were unable to pay their respects to their lost loved ones this Mother's Day after they say cemeteries closed their gates to visitors without explanation.
999	Al smiled widely while holding Haley in the image, looking so very proud of his friend’s first child.
1000	Also, 124 more people tested positive for coronavirus in the last 24 hours, taking the total number to 2,063.
1001	Also, a compassionate doctor helps fight against the novel coronavirus.
1002	Also at play is the argument of “Do we win because of Bill or Tom” going on.
1003	Also at the Diplomat, Jay Tristan Tarriela that Philippine President Duterte is emphasizing “coast guard diplomacy” both to enhance Philippine maritime security and to improve diplomatic relations with foreign powers.
1004	Also, Eli has some parental problems after Willie decides to do something no one wants him to.
1005	Also, for the first time, Maria speaks out about the allegations against him — the book’s title reflects this.
1006	Also fresh in our minds is the avoidable clash between the Shi’ites Islamic groups in Abuja that left dozens of the protesting members of the group dead.
1007	Also, having new terms is acknowledgement that conversation around gender is changing.
1008	Also, he was the sitting ruler when the civil war first broke out.
1009	Also, if your company provides you with any security measures, don’t be the hacker that overcomes them.
1010	Also included in the movie are Rebecca Hall, Demián Bichir, Jessica Henwick, Eiza González, Brian Tyree Henry, Julian Dennison, and Lance Reddick.
1011	Also included: Salads, sides, soft drinks — and Italian Ice.
1012	Also, insider Jean-Marc Ollagnier sold 450 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, September 28th.
1013	Also in the Second Division, Real Blizzard defeated 5P’s FC Wadadli 5-0.
1014	Also, it was a limited season, and maybe people were a little laid back.
1015	Also let’s not forget to mention the all poor publicity and optics around the releases and the political maneuvering in Florida?
1016	Also managing their response in a way that serves the community, the American Visionary Art Museum.
1017	Also, OnePlus' first true wireless earbuds are tipped to debut at a later date in 2020.
1018	Also read some of the stories on iHarare…
1019	Also, Roma thrashed Cluj 5-0, and Spanish league leader Real Sociedad handed AZ Alkmaar its first defeat halfway through the group stage.
1020	Also speaking, Dr Mairo Mandara, Special Adviser and Coordinator, Humanitarian Activities to the state governor, reiterated commitment to the implementation of policies and programmes, to provide alternative means of livelihood to youth and women.
1021	Also, SVP Fronzo Pascal W. Di sold 8,186 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 19th.
1022	Also, Tani and Junior work on the nuances of being in a new relationship, on HAWAII FIVE-0 Friday, March 13th on CBS.
1023	Also, their o-line is getting pushed around.
1024	Also, the moving average convergence divergence indicator on the daily chart has been tracing a downward trajectory and stays in the negative region.
1025	Also, this is an actual Tin Type photo," Rogen shared.
1026	Also, this issue is an essential, satisfying read for fans of the shape-shifting Mystique that proves why she's one of Marvel's most iconic mutants.
1027	Also, try their grooming services.
1028	Also, VP Shelley Reynolds sold 292 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, August 17th.
1029	Also, we don't have user data to turn over," it tweeted on Monday.
1030	Also, what differences would Triple H bring to the table if he ever got full control of WWE, the best and worst heels turns in the history of wrestling, and more!
1031	Also you are accused of creating this virus,” said Khamenei.
1032	Also, Zuko would be, for lack of a better term, too to be Itachi's partner.
1033	Altecia Kortjie and her daughter, Raynecia, who were found dead after going missing earlier this week.
1034	Alter Eco products are made with cacao exclusively harvested in Ecuador from sustainable, Fair Trade farms, and all of their chocolate is gluten-free, non-GMO, and vegan, and purchases help direct funds to reforestation.
1035	Alternative dispute resolution methods like negotiation and mediation can settle disputes more efficiently than arbitration while preserving relations between the parties because of their non-adversarial nature.
1036	Although Adam and Victor are working toward a stronger bond, the trust between them isn’t solid just yet.
1037	Although, AEW doesn’t yet have anything close to the spectacle of in New Jersey, featuring the WarGames style match between The Elite and the Inner Circle has been canceled.
1038	Although Amber complained of Barnett’s cold feet going into the big day, the duo made it official at their ceremony.
1039	Although a young casino, DraftKings isn’t afraid to spoil new customers with bonuses.
1040	Although Bailey’s injury was reportedly not life-threatening, she was in a tremendous amount of pain, Husband said.
1041	Although casual dress day might be every day, just as you would be cautious about what you wear to the office (or even to the grocery store), make sure you’re just as cautious about what to wear when working from home.
1042	Although data on the demographics of housekeepers in the hotel industry is scarce, the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that nearly of maids and housekeepers in the United States in 2019 were people of color.
1043	Although digital security is outside of the regular contributions of an MSP, most grow their administrations to incorporate digital security contributions.
1044	Although Gwen might’ve been lying, her reaction seemed genuine.
1045	Although her biggest role in life was as a wife, mother and housewife, in more enlightened times, she might have been an architect or interior designer.
1046	Although he’s more accustomed to playing in the centre of defence, O’Shea has been doing a job for his club at right-back.
1047	Although household spending rose at a moderate pace, business fixed investment and exports remained weak.
1048	Although hundreds of individuals were sentenced to death in the United States during the 1970s and early 1980s, only ten people besides Gilmore (who has waived all his rights of appeal) were actually executed before 1984.
1049	Although I might wish to simply see more international ETFs with reduced or no financial exposure, some of the more expensive sector ETFs listed below are often the next best option for accounts with no direct foreign access.
1050	Although interest rates have maintained a status quo, the RBI has smartly lubricated the slower moving parts of the economy," Jimeet Modi, Founder & CEO, Samco Securities said.
1051	Although it has recently promised to do more, the world has not seen its actions.
1052	€Although it is legal to drive onto the beach in several areas (25 mph speed limit or less with pedestrian traffic), the high tide will be 8 to 10 feet high, and cars parked below the high tide line may get stuck or washed out to sea.
1053	Although it is only his fourth season, it seems as if Mond has been in College Station for a decade.
1054	Although it’s really, really hard this time.
1055	Although it still lacked a map referring to Israel as such, and despite the fact that it repeated some old messages, including the concept of the occupied Palestinian land, it also introduced a number of new ideas.
1056	Although King wasn't happy with Kubrick's vision, critics were kind and audiences turned it into one of the most beloved and successful horror films ever made.
1057	Although making Navalny a martyr certainly does not seem to help the Kremlin at this point, it is also possible the attack involved rogue elements of the Russian security state who were threatened by Navalny’s anti-corruption exposes.
1058	Although many things about the event have changed over the years, Juan’s love and commitment to the event has not.
1059	Although many would resist, the alien organism got the better of many DC powerhouses, regardless of their skill or intellect, so the fact that the Justice League finds themselves on a planet full of them is a serious concern.
1060	Although most of us avoid pain whenever possible, Zeynep said, “my skin truly has thickened as a result of all the mentally and physically straining-hardships I’ve been through.
1061	Although Newman paid a huge political price, he continues to stand with the same platform he was with when he ran the first time.
1062	Although New Orleans was steeped in traditional jazz, and rock ‘n’ roll was the new sound in the city’s studios in the 1950s, Marsalis preferred bebop and modern jazz.
1063	Although no credible leads came in, authorities continued to keep an eye out for the assailant seen in the video.
1064	Although not usually listed among the “essential” jobs during the past year, the job public works does goes beyond that definition.
1065	Although other locations in his books kept their real names, it is speculated Fleming didn't want hordes of people heading to his picturesque golf course.
1066	Although our research was very specific, reactions to black hair are broad and deeply mixed.
1067	Although Pant didn’t feature in the limited-overs leg against New Zealand, he did get a chance in the red-ball series.
1068	Although previously valued as a senior member of staff, and a mentor to more junior women, she felt unsupported by superiors.
1069	Although progranulin is not widely understood, its absence is linked to the disease.
1070	Although Romanucci said the city’s pledges of transparency are encouraging, the family will file a lawsuit seeking monetary relief, but also policy changes.
1071	Although some communities expect their town to provide and maintain sidewalks for pedestrian safety, the Town of Pagosa Springs is still — 130 years after its incorporation — working on installing sidewalks in our historical downtown area.
1072	Although some of Johnny Bravo's persona has not aged well, the show has a surprising clarity on what and isn't acceptable.
1073	Although the 3-year fixed-rate mortgage (NYSE:) went to 3.47% from last week's 3.45%, it remains significantly lower than 2019's year-on-year of 4.37%.
1074	Although the feature can potentially improve the experience of users on the Google Play Store, it is still a no-show for the app marketplace as of writing.
1075	Although their ultimate goal is an art collective –– a project with collaborative efforts from multiple different artists–– right now, Syndrome is, at its base: clothing.
1076	Although the number of people in hospital in BC remains low, it appears that three more people have been in admitted in recent days.
1077	Although the panel acknowledged “war crimes” had taken place, rights groups and Rohingya leaders dismissed the report as a “whitewash” days ahead of an expected ruling by the UN’s highest court on a genocide case against the country.
1078	Although the peace deal's collapse has been averted for now, much more work from African and donor countries is needed to keep the fragile Kiir-Machar truce intact.
1079	Although these are often insanely powerful otherworldy beings, many Thor fans enjoy and relate to these villains.
1080	Although these stories are no longer canon, it looks as though has absorbed that concept into the Disney era.
1081	Although the smell may be objectionable, there are no hazardous chemicals in this effluent.
1082	Although this phenomenon of interspecies microbial fusion is now being reported for the first time, it is likely ubiquitous in nature among many bacterial pairs.
1083	Although today it is densely packed with modern buildings, during the late 1800s the area was home to a bustee or slum called Baman Bustee.
1084	Although Tony Abbott served as the Australian Prime Minister from 2013 to 2015, he was actually born in London and was a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University, majoring in politics, philosophy and economics.
1085	Although Ubisoft hasn’t been shy about its Assassin’s Creed Valhalla plans, the developer hasn’t shared actual gameplay footage yet — even at the Microsoft Xbox Series X event in Maygameplay footage from a variety of other games coming to the console.
1086	“Although we are reaching the endpoint in terms of the goals for the 2020 Commission Report, our intentions are to continue to challenge Louisiana Baptists to examine their giving, understanding that at its core, giving is a heart issue.”
1087	Although, while not all of them visit the platforms to order an item, most of them use the prices listed on the platforms as a benchmark for validating price difference in offline stores.
1088	Although, with the Venus change, you’ll get a new perspective on whatever bothers you about it, and things will start to shift.
1089	Altius has filed a takings suit against the Alberta government, which arbitrarily banned coal-fired power generation; the mine on which Altius has a royalty had a multi-decade contract to supply coal to a local plant.
1090	Altogether 136 B-50s were converted into KB-50 tankers.
1091	Alvord continues play in the tournament today and Saturday along with the Slidell Greyhounds.
1092	Always a junkie country with clueless people whose main job is to steal and deplete the treasury of its resources.
1093	Alzarri Joseph does not react, starts walking back to his mark.
1094	A magisterial inquiry is ongoing and to the company's knowledge, the perpetrator has not yet been identified.
1095	A magistrates’ court sitting in Ile-Ife, Osun State on Friday remanded eight people in a correctional facility for pretending to be officials of Nigeria Drug Law Enforcement Agency.
1096	A majority of House Democrats are co-sponsoring legislation (HR 1384) to outlaw virtually all Americans’ public and private health insurance and replace their coverage with a new government plan.
1097	A majority of members of the National Judicial Council, which appoints lower-court judges, are now picked by parliament, where the right has a majority.
1098	"A majority vote often settles many issues.
1099	» A major makeover for Hollywood Boulevard would limit cars, emphasize bikes and pedestrians.
1100	A major search has been launched in Lochaber to help trace a fallen walker.
1101	A male juvenile is being questioned at Newbridge Garda Station.
1102	Amalgamated Bank’s holdings in Alleghany were worth $960,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
1103	A manager at the shop, Lameck Homela, explained how they caught Moyo.
1104	A manager who fails to adequately address gender discrimination in the workplace might not necessarily be a morally corrupt individual.
1105	Amanda Edwards, who is Liz Honywood's three times great niece, said being told of the ring's existence was a 'day I will never forget.'
1106	A Mandatory Evacuation Order has been issued for residents from the intersection of Hwy 49 and 70 east to Hwy 70.
1107	A man enjoys the hot weather and sunbathes in Greenwich Park, London.
1108	A man has sparked fury on social media after he tried to sell unwashed knickers belonging to his dead sister.
1109	A man is arrested by police officers during a "We Do Not Consent" anti-lockdown rally at Trafalgar Square in London.
1110	"A man of great vision who lived a life with the purpose of making sure America lived out its ideals."
1111	A man wanted in connection with the murder of four people in Ayutthaya was arrested in Suphan Buri on Saturday, six years after fleeing arrest.
1112	A man was shot to death and a 7-year-old girl was wounded Feb. 9, 2020, in the 1300 block of North Rockwell Street in Humboldt Park.
1113	A man wearing a shirt supporting incumbent President Donald Trump challenged a protester to a fight in a situation that was diffused by police, according to the New York Times.
1114	A man wearing military fatigues and a black cloth over his face is heard saying: “President Xi Jinping, you still have time to get out of Balochistan or you will witness a retaliation from Baloch sons and daughters you will never forget”.
1115	A man who hijacked a Libyan passenger plane and landed it in Malta in December 2016 changed his plead to guilty on Monday.
1116	A man who performed CPR when a pastor and two of his children drowned at a resort has said their deaths could have been prevented.
1117	A man who seemed to accept life’s suffering and disappointments with dignity, class and grace and always looked for the best in others, Dave was always waiting and watching with anticipation for his Lord to come.
1118	A man who was just tested for COVID-19 waits in line to make payment for the test at a private laboratory in Johannesburg, South Africa, December 19, 2020.
1119	A massive military parade celebrated the 75th founding anniversary of the ruling Workers' Party.
1120	A massive screen in the mid-tier of Samsung's QLED range, this set is very fairly priced and has super picture quality.
1121	A mass wave of redundancies would deliver a double whammy blow to the economy, as people found themselves struggling to find another job in lockdown and unable to pay mortgages, rent and bills.
1122	Amazingly, almost everything said can also be said about the American Quest for Vaccine Profit.
1123	Amazingly, the TECNO CAMON 12 is available for just from a variety of leading South African retailers.
1124	• Amazon and Walmart are said to have temporarily suspended affiliate marketing deals with digital media companies.
1125	Amazon opened its first Amazon Go store in Seattle, Washington, in 2018, and has other stores in San Francisco, Chicago and New York City.
1126	Amazon’s stock jumped roughly 28% over the last three months, and is up more than 90% so far this year, according to data from Refinitiv.
1127	Ambassador Orevba participated in the mandatory one-year National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) at the Teacher’s Training College in Surulere Lagos between 1981 and 1982.
1128	AMC, Cinemark and Regal are coming together in court to sue New Jersey with the claim that in allowing churches and other businesses to reopen but not movie theaters, they are committing constitutional injury to the theater chain industry.
1129	A measure of millet or sorghum (the primary material for the production of kunu) in Bauchi which sells for N350 can make about six to 10 litres of kunu drink, according to experts.
1130	A medical staff member getting lunch boxes for patients through a window in an isolation ward at a hospital in Wuhan in China’s central Hubei province, during the virus outbreak in the city, on Jan.
1131	A medium-density pillow, such as the Arctic Chill Super Cooling Gel Fiber Pillow, can help restless sleepers readjust and remain supported as they switch between side, back and stomach sleeping.
1132	A member of the NDC delegation at the dialogue, Alex Segbefia noted it is only through a broad consultative agreement will make a meaningful document.
1133	A Memoir of Free Will into the faces of metal fans everywhere with their brand of progressive and technical deathcore.
1134	A memorial service at the gravesite will take place Sunday, Feb. 23, at 3 p.m., sponsored by the right to life groups of Lake County, Michiana and Northeast Indiana.
1135	America awaits the count in battleground states.
1136	America is now out of balance.
1137	American Eagle Outfitters had a positive return on equity of 5.92% and a negative net margin of 2.68%.
1138	American Electric Power, based in Columbus, Ohio, is focused on building a smarter energy infrastructure and delivering new technologies and custom energy solutions to our customers.
1139	American heiress Evalyn Walsh McLean, the Hope’s last private owner, often wore it in public — or occasionally put it around the neck of her dog or wore it when she gardened.
1140	American officials who have long advocated an aggressive stand toward China are still intent on pushing back against Beijing on many fronts, including technology, and military expansionism in Asia.
1141	Americans “are getting a little bit tired of paying too much for the defense of other countries,” Mr. Grenell added in comments that reverberated in Seoul.
1142	Americans must wake up and choose leaders who promote freedom of faith and the liberties our country was founded to embrace.
1143	Americans need a vision they can fight for, not just a fear they can overcome.
1144	American warships were stationed at the natural port while the US was helping the Chinese defeat the invasion from the Japanese army, the expert said.
1145	America's nimble frackers in the Permian shale basin have capped previous rallies quickly by reactivating drilled wells but this time they are under much tougher financial discipline.
1146	A message from Americans.
1147	A Met Office weather warning for snow and heavy rain through to Friday at 10am was issued for the east of England plus London and the South East.
1148	Amid a sea of princess dresses and chic suits, Jodie stood out in an emerald green gown by Mary Katrantzou.
1149	Amid growing competition in the field of space development, the Japanese bill is designed to encourage domestic companies to enter the field.
1150	Amid mass unemployment and underemployment, with the Congressional Budget Office estimating almost 12 percent unemployment at the end of this year (up from 3.5 percent pre-pandemic), the various bank accounts of the wealthy have grown, generally speaking.
1151	Amid ongoing discussions with local and federal investigators, it was reportedly decided that the ballots in question could be returned to the county and sent through the official tallying process.
1152	Amidst the development stage, Collider’s own Haleigh Foutch sat down with Robbie to talk about the project in May 2018.
1153	Amidst the pandemic, which resulted in the cancellation of the remainder of the baseball season, Sandoval still managed to throw 286 pitches within Citrus Valley Blackhawk’s 9-2 baseball season.
1154	Amidst the sufferers, the most distressed, assuredly are the police personnel and the medical, health care staff.
1155	Amid the chaos are individuals who are exploiting the illness for their own selfish gain.
1156	Amid the eerie silence, say animal keepers, some animals were disturbed, others appeased.
1157	AMI Expeditionary Healthcare is nationally and globally distributed.
1158	A military source reported on Tuesday evening the aerial bombardment and artillery shelling of ISIL terrorist group positions in the northern Iraqi Saladin Governorate.
1159	A military truck evacuates residents through a flooded road in the northern city of Nahariya, on a stormy winter day, on January 8, 2020.
1160	A mine inside Korninga B Community Forest run by Belle Fasama Investment Company.
1161	A mobile generator was purchased and was used to light rescue attempts at the tragic 1975 collapse of the Siloam Bridge.
1162	A model wears an anti-pollution face mask prototype from AusAir.
1163	"A mom came with her three kids here, and she said she didn't have money, I gave them four plates, they were really happy, yeah," said Khazaeian.
1164	Among his oldest mementos is a Regina Brewing bottle from 1912 or 1913, found in a Weyburn building that was being demolished.
1165	Among hygiene practices recommended for preventing COVID-19 are washing of hands frequently and thoroughly with soap, covering of face when cough or sneeze, either with a tissue that should immediately be disposed off, or with elbow.
1166	Among Lady A’s primary complaints is how the band’s sudden rebranding has effectively buried her work on streaming platforms like Spotify.
1167	Among other resolutions passed at the AGM were re-appointment of Rajesh Kandwal as rotational director as a nominee of LIC, who offered himself for re-appointment, IDBI Bank said.
1168	“Among other things, this update clarifies that barber shops, hair and nail salons are non-essential businesses in our `Safer at Home’ order.”
1169	Among the activations planned to celebrate its silver anniversary, Upper Deck said that the first licensed football rookie cards of the year will debut in 2014 Upper Deck Football, scheduled to drop April 16.
1170	Among the allegations DeGeneres addressed was a rumor that staff and guests were directed to avoid eye contact with her should they encounter DeGeneres on set or in the show’s offices.
1171	Among the changes are a new set of co-op missions launching from GTA Online’s Galaxy Super Yachts for between one and three players.
1172	Among the deputies to the National People’s Congress was Luo Jie, a 53-year-old medical professional from Hubei Province, which was hit hard by COVID-19.
1173	Among the dozen or so judges that most fit the pattern, The Times found, are three Mr. Trump has signaled were on his Supreme Court shortlist.
1174	Among the favorites for this time of year are the films.
1175	Among the Japanese companies reporting earnings next week are Sony Corp., Honda Motor Co., Toyota Motor Corp. and Nintendo Co.
1176	Among the latest cases is a childcare worker at Vaucluse Cottage Childcare centre.
1177	Among them, is rescheduling all of her tour stops in March and April, and the have cancelled their April 1 – 18 residency dates at Las Vegas’ Park MGM theater.
1178	Among the mixtures they ranked most positively were those made up of half biosolids and half wood waste – with no added sand.
1179	Among them, the an Osteopathic is among those that takes in a high income.
1180	Among them were four more African nations.
1181	Among the nominations was Best Actor for Leonardo DiCaprio.
1182	Among these, nutrition in first 1,000 days will have the highest impact on the physical health, cognitive development, academic and intellectual performance of the child.
1183	Among these today it is the seventh project which is being dedicated to the people of Bihar.
1184	Among what he considers ''good gun laws'' in the Cowboy State, Harvey cited the state's ''Stand Your Ground' law which was passed by the 2018 session of the Wyoming Legislature and signed into law by Governor Mark Gordon.
1185	Amon's Catch-Phrase: "It Is Time For You To Be Equalized."
1186	A month ago, half of GOP voters said they were more worried about public health than the economy.
1187	A month ago, the idea of a new game from Obsidian Entertainment would have resulted in tons of laughter.
1188	A month before the event, Trump abruptly cancelled the in-person portion of the event amid a deepening coronavirus outbreak in Florida and across the region.
1189	A monthly fee to this platform costs around 55 dollars, it is not that cheap, to be honest.
1190	A monthly update on the American labor market, the last before the election in November, will be released on Friday.
1191	A monument to the former and first owner George Preston Marshall was removed from the franchise's former home, RFK Stadium, on Friday.
1192	A moose showed off its soccer skills on a field in Homer, Alaska, on Wednesday.
1193	A more efficient means of owning the crop without exposing yourself to the cost of holding would be an alternative flat price position – vanilla call option ownership.
1194	Amos Nyambane graduated in 2017 with a degree in procurement and supply chain management.
1195	Ampere essentially succeeds the Turing architecture that debuted on the RTX 2080 graphics card.
1196	Ampol has appointed interim boss, Matthew Halliday, as its new chief executive.
1197	Amtrak first told the advocates that under a new policy, it would cost more than $25,000 to remove seats from its train cars so that it could accommodate the group’s additional wheelchair users.
1198	A mural featuring Biggie Smalls, also known as "The Notorious B.I.G.," by Derek Douglas, who goes by Snipt and Tanya "Miscre8" Walter.
1199	Amy Carter of St. Francis, Wisconsin, decided to go against her veterinarian’s advice and try CBD oil recommended by a friend to treat Bentley, her epileptic Yorkshire terrier-Chihuahua mix.
1200	An additional specialty sewing maker is a Serger.
1201	An advantage they have over leather loafers is that they can be made of softer material, and they usually have some sort of non-leather, non-slip soles.
1202	An adventurer hanged himself within hours of his partner dumping him after an 'up and down' 11-year relationship, an inquest heard today.
1203	ANAHEIM, Calif. (KABC) -- Anaheim police are searching for two robbery suspects who they say dragged a woman from their car in a Walmart parking lot during an attempt to steal the victim's purse.
1204	ANAHEIM, Calif. — Mike Trout was placed on the paternity list before the Los Angeles Angels’ game against the Seattle Mariners on Thursday night.
1205	Anaheim Ducks at Florida Panthers (11/21/2019) — NHL Network, 4 p.m.
1206	An Albouystown, Georgetown, man was this morning shot in the leg while attempting to disarm a police officer who was trying to arrest him.
1207	Analysts forecast that Etsy Inc will post 2.02 EPS for the current year.
1208	Analysts say that suggests good news on profits has already been built into stock prices and that the market's focus is elsewhere.
1209	Analyst Tim Dawson from Baader Bank research considers the stock attractive and recommends it with a Buy rating.
1210	“Analytics has given us a lot of information,’’ Thibodeau said.
1211	An ambush against “officers” in a vehicle by Ansar fighters is also shown in the publication.
1212	An American Astronaut, Christina Hammock Koch has returned home this month after spending 328 days in space and broke multiple records for women in space.
1213	An analysis by AAH indicates the service will likely lose $30,000 to $40,000 a year.
1214	An analysis of landscape dynamics and forest fragmentation of Shivamogga district by researchers between 1973 and 2018 has revealed a 10% net loss in forest cover and increased fragmentation.
1215	Anant Kalse, former Principal Secretary of Maharashtra Legislature stressed that cabinet recommendation is binding upon Governor and he will have to nominate Thackeray.
1216	An APHA spokesperson said: “We are investigating the allegations of animal welfare legislation breaches.
1217	An application guide and forms are online at https://novascotia.
1218	An argument had ensued between Ishwar and Ranjit over study related matter.
1219	An artist’s impression video – set to the music from the Hollywood science fiction film series Jurassic Park – reveals what the final project is supposed to look like.
1220	An aspect of the $4.2 trillion global wellness industry, home wellness focuses on creating healthy living spaces, from the organic cotton sheets you sleep in to the air circulating through each room.
1221	Anatoly Glaz said: “I can assure you that Belarusian citizens will continue receiving assistance with getting back home.
1222	An Atom spokeswoman declined to comment on its latest fundraising.
1223	An attorney for the girl’s mother, Reganel Reeves, said a school representative contacted the mother after the decision to admit the girl was made and she was on her way to the facility.
1224	A natural ingredient that I swear by for my skin is fresh aloe vera gel, right from my very own home garden.
1225	An August 2019 article by stated no umpire has ever called a perfect game for both teams and only 25 umpires have called a perfect game for one of the two teams playing in a game.
1226	An average of £15 per month will be provided to families affected by lost income from remittances, helping people meet immediate needs like food, rent and school fees.
1227	An avid member of a New York ski club, she regularly travelled to ski and snowboard, they said.
1228	Anavysos is being evacuated as well.
1229	An awareness-raising campaign will run across TV and online platforms to ensure communities can learn about the changes before they launch.
1230	ANCHORAGE, Alaska - A public warning was issued to Alaska residents about the dangers of fentanyl after multiple overdoses were reported this week from people who took counterfeit pills designed to look like oxycodone, health officials said.
1231	And 32 per cent of respondents maintained that cures to beat Covid-19 infections exist but are also not being shared with patients.
1232	And a branding divide between actual SI and team sites worked pretty well for the most part back when it was paired with FanSided.
1233	And according to Daily Star, Mustafi’s form has led to some Arsenal fans comparing him to Van Dijk.
1234	And according to Gerritt, there wasn't even an official, agreed-upon list of jail deaths in Texas before his series.
1235	And across most industries they cannot survive something like this if it’s a slow bleed.
1236	And a crucial unknown in the process is the role of water, since the reactions take place in aqueous solutions.
1237	And acting clearly runs in his blood, as his mother Georgia Tennant, 35, daughter of Peter Davison, 68, has starred in various TV series, as well as playing The Doctor's clone daughter Jenny in the Doctor Who episode 'The Doctor's Daughter'.
1238	And, actually, Sarah’s other stories are good reads, as well.
1239	And a defensive unit that was revamped during the offseason finally got its act together in November and was a big reason the club won its first championship since 1969.
1240	And again, those are senior needs, child care for health care workers, food insecurity and the homeless.
1241	And again, you’ve got the two anti-LGBT right wing trolls defending you, a normal person would take a look at that and stop to think….
1242	And all Snell could do was watch from the dugout when Anderson coughed up a double to Mookie Betts, Barnes scored on a wild pitch and then Betts gave the Dodgers a 2-1 lead on Corey Seager’s fielder’s choice.
1243	And all usually rolled into theaters quietly upon their initial release, only to eventually find overwhelming praise and appreciation years (in some cases, decades) after they left the big screen.
1244	And a look back at candid photos taken 38 years ago show the Queen enjoying the event, taking photos from her stand, as well as socialising with Prince Philip and a young Prince Edward.
1245	And a lot of it is driven at this sort of elite level.
1246	And also if you can shed some light on when you expect inventory levels to be back at normal levels?
1247	And although Georgia officers are taught that Tasers are a deadly threat because they can disable officers long enough for their guns to be seized, that threat is diminished when a second officer is present as backup.
1248	And although his profiles still appear in Google searches, they all go to dead links.
1249	"And always be looking for them, because new grants are coming up all the time, and you never know when one is going to just fit your organization or your need," she says.
1250	And Amman’s general prosecutor collared him for questioning after a 2017 portrayal of Jesus Christ “disowning” the Greek Orthodox church offended some Jordanians.
1251	And an extreme minority of people who are Altruists, or those who would selflessly help others in any way they could even to their own detriment at times.
1252	And Anita said the email just floored her, everything that was going on in the student’s life right then.
1253	And another epidemic will come.
1254	And a package that doesn’t place so many demands on you overall, whether that be weight on the bridge of your nose, bulky arms in your peripheral vision, or a clunky charging case in your bag.
1255	And a passel of judges, tons of awards, and plenty of blue ribbons.
1256	And as a recent headline-making case proved, women can also suffer legal consequences for defending themselves.
1257	And, as has been the case many times in recent seasons, the Hornets found a way against what appeared to be a superior opponent.
1258	And as NPR's Nell Greenfieldboyce reports, it's an intriguing clue about the lives of our closest extinct human relative, the Neanderthal.
1259	And as painful as it might be to hear that he wouldn't want to be with you even if he were single—and that's the worst-case scenario—you will get over it and get over him.
1260	And a spokesman for Heathrow said any measures must be medically effective, meet public expectations and be deliverable by airports.
1261	And as storms show signs of developing, NOAA hurricane hunter aircraft will be prepared to collect valuable data for our forecasters and computer models.
1262	And as the coronavirus spread in Shehba in August, the Kurdish-led Health Committee in northeast Syria loaded face masks, gloves, and other personal protective equipment onto trucks bound for Shehba—but none made it through the regime checkpoints.
1263	And at a decent price for Rittenhouse Square too.
1264	And, at all times, you should make sure to have wonderful songs like this Son Volt classic on hand as your travelling companions.
1265	And at a time of increasing consciousness about the ways in which the exploitation of women is baked into Hollywood’s DNA, the Quiver Distribution release runs the risk of occasionally seeming insensitive rather than just informative.
1266	And at that time, he turned around to John DeStefano, who was his aide at the time, and said, “Fire her.”
1267	And at the end of the season, Buffy's mother finally learns what's really been going on with her daughter, a revelation she doesn't handle very well.
1268	And, at the other end, the economic interest of small business owners that don’t have a lot of extra capital on their side.”
1269	And at the time, I didn’t look for black role models.
1270	And at this time LucidPix seems like the easiest way to create and customize your own 3D snaps.
1271	And because different age groups were included in the two versions of trial—one in the United Kingdom and one in Brazil—the results of this trial are clouded even further.
1272	And, because the coronavirus pandemic presents new challenges for election officials, a single state’s readiness may determine the outcome.
1273	And before he could make his way out of it, Andrew Porter had shoved over for a sixth.
1274	And before you go off thinking this feature will only benefit a small fraction of the population, accessibility isn’t just for those disabilities.
1275	And besides, all of the people who die from COVID-19 would eventually die from something else.
1276	And both men in the final pairing had a legitimate argument that the first event of 2020 never should have gotten to a playoff.
1277	And boy were the Gym Leaders great!
1278	And, Brookwood students were not the only ones with the opportunity.
1279	And bumped the song Aaron’s party.
1280	And by all means, use that influence for good.
1281	And by ‘taking him under his wing’ Kenan says that Tracy took him to TGI Friday’s in Times Square, an absolute hell hole, and he drove them there even though it was a block away.
1282	“And by the way, the lawyer that wrote that piece is a very highly qualified, very talented lawyer.
1283	And Carlsen’s phone hasn’t stopped ringing.
1284	And composers of color are underrepresented to this day.
1285	And conservatives aren’t done yet.
1286	And controls will also take place in Dublin and other EU entry points.”
1287	And, could they, too, be geologically active enough to shoot plumes through their surfaces that could one day be detected by telescopes.
1288	"And COVID-19 just makes the situation worse.
1289	And definitely not on the coveted covers of popular national magazines.
1290	And despite the limited functionality, costs for the services were relatively high under the previous scheme.
1291	And don't overlook a spouse's or partner's plan.
1292	And Drew Lock isn’t going to be crazy about the answers.
1293	And during the same scene, Brandon is wearing his dad’s old jacket, also from Sniper 2. We have echoes of bullet catches, ghillie suits, bullet POVs, what else…
1294	And Ellie was astonished when, after eight weeks, she went down three dresses sizes and lost a stone.
1295	"And especially when we think about what's going on today, and how we use words and language and how it's understood — and what an important document this was at that tumultuous time."
1296	And even if some companies can work from home, lockdowns are preventing actors from working in recording studios.
1297	"And even if they do have economic security, they do have good insurance, they're afraid they'll lose it."
1298	And even if they were, pandemic time pressures for some people have been more intense, not less, making extra tasks seem impossible to squeeze onto the schedule.
1299	And even in places with widespread 5G coverage, phones will need to fall back on 4G networks.
1300	And even though he later started dating Bonnie, he didn't forget Anna.
1301	And even though Sara and Oliver later broke up, there's no denying they were a good couple - both fighters, with tragic past experience and a strong desire to right their wrongs.
1302	’ And eventually, Fulp came out to talk to them.
1303	And even when a free society puts aside the mechanisms of political conflict, they do not remain neglected for long.
1304	And everything has an EWG score of 1 or 2, so it's super safe for your skin.
1305	And finally, there is the third method of being like HaKadosh Boruch Hu.
1306	And, FLOTUS doesn't say the pledge AT ALL.
1307	And following his first conversation with Mr Biden since his election, the Prime Minister says the review will be provided to the incoming administration.
1308	And for a short period of time…it did,” the “High School Musical” star admitted.
1309	And for Jews of color, these books show them that they belong.
1310	And for the sake of your sanity, don’t forget the lifeblood of all New Yorkers: if you’re into that).
1311	And for those who don't care for politics, it offers a picture of its parking lot as a Zoom background.
1312	And from all sorts of other places too – not least art.
1313	And Germanotta, for one, said he isn’t sure how long he can keep paying it.
1314	And given rumours that Epstein and Maxwell were Mossad spies, nor did it sound completely outrageous when she was reported to be living in an Israeli 'safe house'.
1315	And has been vindicated.
1316	And having Tahani nearly make the same decision so soon was rough as an audience, but it wasn’t until Chidi imparted sage advice before his own decision to go that things began to make sense.
1317	And he chose to fight the big corporations as well as the rich.
1318	And he couldn’t be happier to be back in the mix with Dallas.
1319	“And he definitely brought a wow factor with him which was evident at the club.”
1320	And he does so with beautiful filmmaking bolstered by David Bolen’s cinematography, the compositions and editing capturing this place with remarkable specificity.
1321	And he faced his first disappointment when his favorite radio show was invaded by the crass world of capitalism.
1322	And he gun be going without he Prime Ministerial candidate.
1323	And he noted, without naming names, that “leadership and power are not always aligned.”
1324	And her Covid-19 strategy — devised in lockstep with chief scientist Juliet Gerrard — built with intelligence and empathy on a foundation of unflinching honesty to achieve some of the world's best results."
1325	"And here he is dying of something he was trying to fight," Chavira told the Associated Press.
1326	And here is STORM!
1327	And here was the odd thing.
1328	And her sister is a physician who is not available to help on weekdays.
1329	And he’s got to convince our allies that we are actually there to stay, that Trump and Trumpism isn’t coming back.
1330	And he should lift the counterproductive punitive sanctions on International Criminal Court official, and end the U.S. veto on judges appointed to the World Trade Organization’s Appellate Body.
1331	And he simply couldn’t resist the opportunity the Chicago White Sox gave him.
1332	And he’s impressed with how teammates are making extra passes to open players, something he didn’t observe at this point in training camp in 2019, either.
1333	“And he’s one of the people we really should be bowing down to in terms of overcoming obstacles and persevering.”
1334	And he’s right, in PF strongholds, violence doesn’t happen during elections and other parties should preach the same.
1335	And he’s stated his desire for a governing partner who is “simpatico” with his approach and “ready to be president on a moment’s notice.”
1336	“And he was instrumental in that during his senior year, in getting students motivated to work on it, even after school hours.”
1337	And his disdain for the Patriots isn’t just with Belichick.
1338	And honestly, I wanted him in part because I also rate him highly in real life.
1339	And hopefully they are making the right decisions.”
1340	And how Twitter reacted to those dunks.
1341	“And I am very happy to see (legislators) working together.
1342	And I believe that this case, that justice in this case requires dismissing the charges against General Flynn.
1343	And I can relate in so many ways.
1344	And I'd only eat a big slice for breakfast and at noon I'd start drinking till night and pass out.
1345	And I don’t even drink tea.
1346	And I don’t think we even started playing as a team until late July or early August.
1347	And I'd take payment plans.
1348	And if I had to do it over, I’d do the same thing.”
1349	And if I put three to four people in there, they were working too closely together, and I didn’t like that.”
1350	“And if it doesn’t, we have fighters in our corner across the country no matter what.”
1351	And if life puts an obstacle in your way, fight it in any way you can," Stetler said.
1352	And if one location is booked up, a client has the option to take his or her pet to another that might not be too far from home.
1353	And if the postal service vanished, so would the army of letter carriers who keep tabs on elderly residents, call the fire department when they smell smoke on their routes and generally serve as unofficial neighborhood watchmen.
1354	And if things go bad, it gets batted away or intercepted, then you can hit a negative reaction.
1355	And if we know anything about Randall, it’s that he’s not afraid to track someone down.
1356	And if we're just scrambling to stay afloat, we're not going to be as effective in pursuing those goals."
1357	And if you are asked to pay something to then receive the funds, you can be doubly sure it’s a swindle.
1358	And if you look at places like Detroit — it basically never recovered from the cataclysm of the 1970s, and it started us off with a couple of years of progress but in a very fragile situation compared to a place like New York.
1359	And if you’re going to college, reach out and meet those people who are completely different than everything you’ve seen this far in your life.
1360	And if you're worried about it, a zip tie will do the trick while you wait for a new clip for HP Support.
1361	And if your goal is to be a bit greener or just eat a little more fresh/local in the new year, South Florida has the green markets for that.
1362	And if your size is sold out, don't worry â€” the wait list is quick!
1363	And I got a title for my book.
1364	And I have always tried to be a voice of reason and to speak in a measured way."
1365	And I heard similar stories from different people.”
1366	And I left it alone.
1367	And I’ll never say that to my mother’s face, because she’ll say she was right.
1368	And I’m really grateful.
1369	And: “I’m too afraid to write and too afraid to leave.”
1370	And in a tweeted message to the people of Lyon, he repeated his thanks and asked the faithful “to follow Jesus closely in a servant church, fraternal and missionary.”
1371	And, in case you are wondering, I did have the best job in the world.
1372	And inevitably, for each one of us, there are different COVID-19 restrictions, home environments and learning experiences.
1373	And, in fact, in the Televisa interview as broadcast, when Pope Francis said that LGBT people “have a right to a family,” he immediately added, “this does not mean approving homosexual acts — not at all.”
1374	“And in many cases, they did the exact opposite and allowed abuse to go on, which can have life-long implications.
1375	And in the course of her 45(!
1376	And in Torpoint, where Devon and Cornwall police have been stopping campers from staying overnight illegally at their beaches, a local jogger was filmed taking out his frustration on a visiting car by giving it several kicks.
1377	And in using the Defense Production Act, Mr. Navarro again cited the scarce availability of resources.
1378	And in Ventura, trying to protect the community’s Sierra statue from being spray-painted or ripped down, a coalition announced its intention to remove the monument from its prominent hillside location in front of City Hall overlooking downtown.
1379	And I pray and hope that, by gosh, if there is another wave, let's deal with it adequately, appropriately, efficiently, and directly."
1380	And I really miss the connection that you have in the everyday greeting of people, like, ‘Hi, how are you?’
1381	… And I remember there was a moment where we were talking, and Eddie would say something and then Chris said, ‘Come on, man.
1382	And I said, “Alice, you always say, “Never send anything from a book until it’s at least half done.”
1383	And it all started with one thing: encouragement.
1384	And, it appeared to.
1385	And it appears that there are no great saviors for value-oriented investors coming from the smaller sectors of the market.
1386	And it changes the way that public life occurs, to subject that free activity to systematic monitoring,” said Kate Robertson, a Toronto-based criminal and constitutional lawyer.
1387	And it explains the widespread adoption of that secular substitute for traditional religion: leftism.
1388	“And I think all credit to those behind me, my staff and the players, the first part of the job is accomplished.”
1389	And I think also the writers would agree that in "Breaking Bad," you only saw Saul at work, so you only saw his persona that he admits right from the get-go is a phony one that he's invented.
1390	“And I think I have to be very candid about this … I made the argument that it’s going to require moral courage to stand up to this President,” he said.
1391	And I think in your case, professor, when you read your speeches, the conclusion one draws is that the dogma lives loudly within you, and that’s of concern when it comes to big issues that large numbers of people have fought for in this country.”
1392	And I think it’s really important that people always understand that Donald Trump did not cause this movement, this realignment of the Republican Party.
1393	And I think that's where we really want to shine in this type of environment is helping those folks get to the other side of it.
1394	And I think we’re a super diverse group, like probably the most in our history.
1395	And I thought it would keep them stymied a little bit.
1396	And I thought, ‘oh no, what did somebody do to my flag,’ then I looked closer and I saw that it was a name.”
1397	And I thought, we have so much hatred and so many conflicts in the Middle East, and it made me want to make a film that was an homage to the spirit of Haifa, that spirit of tolerance.”
1398	And I thought, “Well, that would be good.
1399	And it is DONE with Donald Trump.
1400	‘And it is horrific and there are still family members who don’t have full justice because he wasn’t tried for enough of the murders.’
1401	And it is thru liberty that a person gains the sacred right to pursue happiness, to become what God had given him or her the talents to be.
1402	And it raises questions about the function of the Treasury fund as the administration struggles to get a hold on reopening efforts, and encouragement to speed things along emanates from the very top.
1403	AND it’s a natural way to get your beauty (& grooming) sleep.
1404	And it’s clear which side the players and coaches are on, and which side the Pac-12 and Big Ten bosses are on.
1405	And it seemed likely that governments would exploit these new laws and surveillance systems in order to consolidate power for themselves in the name of combating the virus.
1406	And, it seemed to do the trick.
1407	And it’s getting harder to stake out a position beyond those extremes.
1408	And it's mostly - you know, quite frankly, Terry, it's selfish.
1409	And it’s not clean fun.
1410	And it’s not clear that their colleagues in the Senate and House have the bandwidth to tackle both coronavirus and climate change at the moment under such a tight deadline.
1411	And it’s not simply a matter of increased testing identifying more cases.
1412	And it’s not that if we lower the voting share that something bad could happen.
1413	And it’s one that Lidia herself talked about.
1414	And it still feels that way.
1415	And it’s too early to judge if we really see a V-shaped recovery.
1416	And it talks about the Defense Production Act.
1417	And I turned to the producers, and I was like, ‘What the hell?
1418	And it was James Melton, a tenor, who's very forgotten, and Licia Albanese, who's still singing - not singing, but still alive - and singing Puccini love duets.
1419	And it was true in Congress’ initial reaction to the death of George Floyd.
1420	“And I want to see us start picking up the tab on those return ballot postage, make that a postage paid envelope for every Ohioan in every election.
1421	And I was almost annoyed by that.
1422	And I was just overwhelmed by how gracious people were toward me,” Dr. Biden said, humbly.
1423	And I was like, ‘If the British press tears me apart, I can never forgive you for this.’
1424	And I will direct it.
1425	And I wonder, sir, if those are words that you will utter right here, right here today - 'Black lives matter.'
1426	And I would just plough through them.
1427	“And Kai is young, energetic and his career is just on the up.
1428	And knock them over like bowling pins.
1429	And Krauss gives Woody Guthrie the last word.
1430	And lastly a seven day ticket will cost £7.
1431	And lastly, avoid keeping your grocery bags in the car during the hot summer months when any potential bacteria lodged in their walls will multiply.
1432	And last week, Trump refused to guarantee that he would accept the result of the election if he lost, an outcome that appears to be increasingly likely, according to national and swing-state polling.
1433	And lawmakers have so far been unable to agree on a remote voting plan that would allow them to work from afar.
1434	And leaning into our casual essential products led to our strongest digital holiday sales results and an above-planned performance for the initial holiday period overall.”
1435	And Lesley said she often gets approached by men who are decades younger than her with the personal trainer revealing that she feels better than ever.
1436	And let me pause to explain qualified immunity is that provision that prevents government officials, including police, from being sued for damages by citizens.
1437	And life is back to normal.
1438	And looks like Indians are only benefitting from this war.
1439	And maybe just stepping back, it looks like the engaged advisors as a percentage of total advisors has increased by about 1% year-over-year.
1440	And maybe that gives them an edge, a certain realism, especially over their trans-Atlantic cousins.
1441	And more importantly, all of those people are putting their families and friends who are not there with them in danger,” Pritzker said.
1442	And, more pressingly, is Haynes still in the dark about any other massive tech companies?
1443	And my heart was here at UND.
1444	And National Guard troops crucial to states’ testing and tracking efforts could be yanked prematurely.
1445	And nearly a third of deaths among nonwhite Americans were in people younger than 65, according to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, compared with 13 percent among white people under that age.
1446	And NM the fact that the NFL is an entertainment business.
1447	And no I’m not talking about Donald Trump — I’m talking about Mayor Bloomberg,” she said, prompting gasps from the audience.
1448	And not only he’s a high-flyer, he’s a two-time dunk champion,” Malonzo, who was crowned “Home Jam: Dunkers Only” champion, told of LaVine.
1449	And now he faces extradition to serve his jail time after he was pulled from his house in a dawn raid by officers from the National Crime Agency, who were executing a European Arrest Warrant.
1450	And now she’s got a baby and she’s dragging this little boy all over the world.”
1451	And now that Valentine's fever is in the air, we thought of presenting to you five gorgeous brides who picked up the most stunning red lehengas ever, making them the perfect Valentine brides.
1452	And now they will be among the most financially affected by job losses due to COVID-19 because as the most susceptible to contracting the virus, they may be forced to remain at home and would be the first to be laid off.
1453	And now, we got our hands on a throwback interview from 2017 where he spoke about his thoughts on Bollywood and reason behind why he kept himself away from the film industry.
1454	And now, what to do with these delicious items.
1455	"And now you've got 700 streaming companies fighting each other like cats and paying writers to write interesting stuff."
1456	And, of course, the whole shouting match was overheard by Maya, who’d have had to have been deaf to have missed it.
1457	And, of course, this includes officials of this current government some of who continue to face public excoriation for their corrupt excesses but have gone with impunity, nevertheless.
1458	And officials in Iceland, who have tested a high proportion of citizens in the country, have found similarly high percentages of asymptomatic infection.
1459	And OKC has been truly dominant over the previous five games, posting a perfect 5-0 ATS mark while outscoring its opponents by an average of 12.4 points per victory.
1460	And, once again, Democrats will have to survive a tsunami of unrepentant, unending poison and unquenchable rage.
1461	And once they started moving the students from one dorm building to another, he felt his anxiety over homelessness return, which triggered his PTSD.
1462	And one of the time-honored traditions in the City of Brotherly Love is the annual trek over Memorial Day weekend to popular New Jersey coastal destinations such as Ocean City, Wildwood, Cape May, and Stone Harbor.
1463	And one of Utah's biggest hospital systems is bringing in nearly 200 nurses, some of them from New York City.
1464	And on Saturday, she’ll be dancing on “Saturday Night Live.”
1465	“And on school transport, as on public transport, there can be mixing between different age groups.”
1466	And on the Colorado Springs campus, that number dropped to about about 0.3% of the more than 12,000 students in 2019, according to a campus diversity report.
1467	And on Thursday, Arruda said Quebecers shouldn't use the four-day period around Christmas to see as many different people as possible.
1468	And, on top of that, he is a warm, friendly, caring, genuine people person.”
1469	“And our bottling process is extremely handmade, too,” he says, showing off a setup that would be familiar to home brewers or winemakers.
1470	And, outside of that, there isn't as much representation for characters of different nationalities anymore.
1471	And particular fury has been directed at the Prime Minister's 'obnoxious' right-hand man Dominic Cummings, with accusations that the senior aide is 'out of control'.
1472	“And people were asking us to do different designs, so we started adding to what we already had.”
1473	And perhaps that’s what has Arsenal fans so excited: that at the very least Arteta has instilled any kind of “style” that they can identify, instead of always sending the team out to counter the opposition, as Emery was wont to do.
1474	And please remember: Celebrity status does not equal authority on a subject.
1475	And prostate cancer is overdiagnosed.
1476	And questions still remain about quite what led Microsoft to release a version of the tool that was clearly going cause such initial privacy concerns.
1477	Andrasik’s course of monitoring the building, effectively making it more green and energy efficient, was soon after adopted by the USGBC to serve as a model for similar courses at other schools.
1478	Andrea Chavarria, a DACA recipient from Mexico, and now a health coach, poses for a portrait at home following the Supreme Court's decision to uphold the DACA program, which allows her to remain in the country.
1479	And reallocating people and businesses to such a big shift in demand will take a lot of time.
1480	“And remember, let’s all keep an open mind,” Pitt’s Fauci said.
1481	And Rep. Doug Collins, the other top Republican in the special election, Trump has called an “unbelievable friend of mine.”
1482	Andre Riley, a former American Airlines flight attendant who was fired after failing a breathalyzer test, says his ketogenic (keto) diet — not alcohol — was responsible for the false positive.
1483	Andres Mehner, a specialist in shark ecology and the speciality dive instructor at Divepoint, Hudhuranfushi, an island in the North Malé atoll, informed us that the rise in sea temperature has destroyed 60-70 per cent of reefs in the last six years.
1484	Andrew Cuomo said Thursday the rate of new coronavirus hospitalizations, ICU admissions and intubations are all down.
1485	ANDREW CUOMO: We're not yet at the apex, and if we don't stop the spread, then it's going to burn down our own country.
1486	Andrew Klobucher led the Tigers with 23 points.
1487	Andrew Manuel Crespo is a Professor of Law at Harvard Law School, where he teaches and writes about criminal law and procedure.
1488	Andrew‘s 'The Next American President' is a series that is also specifically designed to trick Google into showcasing her creations when internet users search for that particular phrase.
1489	Andrew Thomson, Vice President of the Glen Iris Lake Golf Club on the par 3 5th hole in March.
1490	Andrew Wright, 20, wears Trump themed socks and shoes while joining supporters queuing early morning before President Donald Trump holds a rally on October 26, 2020 in Lititz, Pennsylvania.
1491	Andrey Rublev became the first man in 16 years to win two titles in the first two weeks of the season when he beat Lloyd Harris 6-3, 6-0 in Adelaide to follow up on his victory in Doha.
1492	And Sampdoria's Czech Republic midfielder Jakub Jankto had a strike ruled out for offside.
1493	And Sandmann is no innocent victim.
1494	And second, because Neil Davidson’s activism was actually far from sterile.
1495	And she believed him.
1496	And she is such a consummate professional, she didn’t burst out laughing.
1497	And she recruited several collaborators to bring them to life.
1498	And she said the internal wars between the party's left and right wings had contributed to Labour's heavy defeat in December's general election.
1499	And she said, "Well, what about me?
1500	And she’s ravenous – always wanting to improve.
1501	And she writes that its key characteristic is that it’s entirely encapsulated; it’s impervious to any input from outside reality.
1502	And shoe trees eats up the moisture in the shoe after you take them out so the shoe can breathe because leather breathes.
1503	And since the entry of corporates it has changed so much.
1504	And since then, the individual has recovered and we are very happy about that.
1505	And since this topic wasn't broadly discussed, I think it is premature to speak about it.
1506	And so, after my defeat, I am now reconciled to the sobering truth that it was not just politics that got in the way of my vocation as a global rock star.
1507	And so A, that creates increased costs down the road, but B, it also means that kids who are well off have much better health than kids who aren’t well off, and that’s something we have to grapple with.”
1508	And so far, Nintendo has largely allowed the games on its platform, despite their existence on the digital storefront conflicting with the company's values and branding.
1509	And solving puzzles has been my passion from when I was a kid.
1510	And someone wants to create a National Airline….
1511	And some people might be in a cruise ship and some might be on a tire raft.”
1512	And some people were just plain rude.
1513	And some supporters say the bigger issue heading into the fall will be Trump’s response to the coronavirus and economic collapse.
1514	And some virus-wary commuters are avoiding public transit and climbing into cars to protect their health.
1515	And so, no matter how interested I am in the 5G, I am going to put health first.
1516	And so, probably that stopped the possible first coup in Nigeria.
1517	And so, the mystery remains.
1518	And so, therefore, keeping the mask on will protect you as well because you're less likely sucking the virus.
1519	And so the story of my affair with Davao City began.
1520	And so we've been trying different things.
1521	And so, when they came to us with, you know —
1522	“And so, who is the pasaway (hardheaded) to blame for the sad state of the nation that we are in today?
1523	And speaking of, it’s kind of fun to sit back and think about the 37-8 beatdown the 49ers put on Aaron Rodgers and Co. in late November.
1524	And, speaking of Tagovailoa, Newton was asked about the former Alabama quarterback, who will be making his debut as the Dolphins starter.
1525	And study after study show that children learn best using their whole bodies, not just their eyes and their ears.
1526	And thank God we did that in episode 20 as well.
1527	And that collection of attention is itself inherently consequential.
1528	And that distrust of the system is common, according to Dr. Andrea Weber at the University of Iowa.
1529	And that is just the way it was, when he died on Wednesday, Dec. 2, 2020.
1530	And that is not the same as an ideologue.
1531	And that is worth keeping in mind, because it remains the best guide we have to how he is likely to act in any given situation.
1532	And that, I will say, was the most fun of all.
1533	And that last part really is the key here.
1534	And that lets them do whatever it takes to make sure their side stays in power, up to and including mass murder.
1535	And that means staying home with kids while working, considering grandparent care, which can be risky for elders, or leaning on older children to care for the younger ones.
1536	And that mistake, together with the entirety of his long and distinguished record in national security and foreign policy, has informed his views ever since.”
1537	And that's a state that has pretty limited mail-in voting options.
1538	And that’s a tough way to live, because there are so many ways to contract this, and a lot of times you don’t know if someone around you has Covid.”
1539	And thats just one more thing i love about us.
1540	And that's not considering the remake release pattern, just the core pattern.
1541	And that’s what this week is all about."
1542	“And that’s with no manipulation.
1543	"And that's without any re-emergence of broader economic impacts from the pandemic," he said.
1544	And that the second they can, the Kree Empire will turn their full might against the "traitors" and wipe them all out.
1545	And that the strong encryption already in place protects privacy without eroding the safety of our citizens and destroying the lives of children.
1546	“And that we are paying attention to what they are doing in our name, because if we are not paying attention, then they are essential, we are giving them carte blanche; we are letting them do whatever they want.
1547	And the answer is, ‘Well, maybe not.'
1548	And the answer was, absolutely yes.
1549	And the battery lasts longer and charges faster thanks to a new USB-C port.
1550	"And the biggest problem in this country is that inventors who wants to work on their own initiative never get financial support from the government."
1551	And the Confederate flag was not listed.
1552	And the coronavirus situation is still evolving as public health officials learn more about the disease, how it’s traveling and who it is affecting.
1553	And the debate and the preference of electors is not just about the gender identity.
1554	And the draw's guaranteed $1 million prize went to a lottery player in Ontario.
1555	And the EC Sakura V2s move so smoothly that, even coming from another linear keyboard, it took time for me to adjust.
1556	And the faster they fall, the more businesses cut production and lay off workers.
1557	And the fourth case is the contact of the third.
1558	And the fourth team in the playoff picture after Week 2 is the Florida Gators who will lose to Alabama in the SEC Championship Game but that will be their only loss of the year and it won’t be much of a penalty in the eyes of the committee.
1559	And the “friends of friends” too.
1560	And the gypsy moth’s days are also numbered, on account of disrespecting the vulnerable travelling community.
1561	And the jobs, 30 million of them missing, will be at the front and center of the campaign for both parties.
1562	And the limo rides have become more frequent.
1563	“And then after the show, we go straight into being quarantined.
1564	And then a year later, I’m the mayor.
1565	And then by the second day home from work, I was completely incapacitated with fever.”
1566	And then Congress got involved and local elected officials as well.
1567	And then even within a country, we need to decide who gets it first.
1568	And then for the flour.
1569	And then he closed down his entire theater after a run of more than 10 years.
1570	And then he’ll say “now listen bud this is my rightful place.”
1571	“And then I see the disinfectant where it knocks it out in one minute.
1572	And then I wanted something done about it - and I took a decision to write the relevant letters that I couldn't go out, I had no vehicles, no security vehicles and then I couldn't go to my office.
1573	And then, like Matthew said, the abortion issue as a Christian is extremely important to me.
1574	And then, like the sound comes second.
1575	And then — “lots of people already did.”
1576	“And then subsequently he says he did but only because they’re my mates, that certainly didn’t help things.”
1577	And then there is the irony of the UN Secretary-General’s call to end wars to fight Covid-19 together.
1578	And then, throughout the West Wing, there are these smaller monitors.
1579	And then we can also have equal opportunity peen in our movies, which is something we desperately need for multiple reasons.
1580	“And then we go past the big box store and of course they’re open,” Utke said.
1581	And then we’ll deliver it.”
1582	And then, we’ll worry about everything after that on Sunday.”
1583	And then when suffering happens — as is beginning to unfold acutely at this moment in world history — we’re less prepared than we ought to be for the reality that we get a hall pass to skip the Stations of the Cross.
1584	And then, when you feel guilty for these feelings, you find yourself getting into a real cycle.’
1585	And the one on Indore reads, ‘Baroda is just home away from home” given the Maratha history the Vadodara and Indore share.
1586	And the only thing that can put out these fires are police accountability and equal justice."
1587	"And the outside package — cause let’s face it, I’m really, really old — and so when I’m singing ‘Part of Your World,’ if you were to judge me on the way that I look on the outside, it might change the way that you interpret the song.
1588	And the President is going to be able to experience this first hand and how this needs to be handled,” she said.
1589	And the president, that’s what he’s treating us like: kids.
1590	And the project involves thousands of monitors, sensors and cameras on streets, inside buildings and embedded in the infrastructure.
1591	And the protesters across the country — and the world — seem to represent a far larger segment of society than those in the Nixon era.
1592	And there are a number of different reasons for that."
1593	And there are three or four people I’m regularly having sex with.
1594	“And therefore, we are encouraging Vincentians; you don’t have to go overseas for your vacation this year.
1595	And there has been no greater presidential defender of that Jewish state than President Trump.
1596	And there's a lot of anti-authority feeling.
1597	And there’s an entire new profession which didn’t exist six months ago, called Covid coordinator.
1598	And there’s a private driveway, too.
1599	And these are unleashing mayhem on the ordinary citizens.
1600	And these poisons live in the fat cells of everyone’s person.
1601	And the show’s rating, a 4.7 among viewers 18 to 49, and its total viewership, 18.32 million, were the lowest since 2012.
1602	And the stakes could not be higher.
1603	And the Tottenham captain made even better stops to add to Leicester's torment, showcasing his sharp reactions to twice repel Perez's volley and long-range drive as well as flying saves off Gray's long-range free-kick and Kelechi Iheanacho's curler.
1604	And the victim of an Islamic State jihadi rapist : “He told me that according to Islam he is allowed to rape an unbeliever.
1605	And, the virtual learning portions of each plan would not involve any teacher-led learning or live-streaming options, she said.
1606	And the way you can keep layering and can keep layering and layering.
1607	And the Wildcats had nobody to blame but themselves, Fitzgerald said.
1608	And they all rate pretty high if you ask us!
1609	And they been doing it for decades and their kids all come out fine.
1610	And they can still do deals with the biggest coal-mining companies and provide loans to oil and gas projects outside the Arctic, where the bulk of the resources lie.
1611	And they couldn’t pinpoint anyone else — healthy or not — whom they would be willing to potentially endanger.
1612	And they have started to get their acts together to organise into groups and plot.”
1613	And they insist that it comes to a complete halt?
1614	And they know that in various cities around the world, thousands have risked infection to take to the streets to protest the state violence inflicted on black people not only in the United States but in their own respective countries.
1615	And they took those miles in arbitrary and very questionable directions.
1616	And they’ve cynically decided the best way to defeat Donald Trump is shut down every business in America, shut down every school in America,” said Cruz.
1617	And they were so afraid they actually put all the furniture right up against the hotel room door.
1618	And this allows pharmaceutical manufacturers who determine prices for the retail market and for hospitals to offer discounts inside tenders," she added.
1619	And this could be fatal for many.
1620	And this doesn’t mean you have to become a fitness fanatic - just 150 minutes of activity per week for adults is beneficial.
1621	“And this film deals with a situation where that minimal amount of respect you should have towards another human being is completely destroyed and ignored.”
1622	And this has helped us to expand our operations beyond Abuja and Lagos.
1623	And this is because in that regional government, there was minimum interference in the activities and governments of the regions by the federal government.
1624	And this is one thing that people can do to help their fellow human beings."
1625	And this is where Sourcegraph is carving its niche.
1626	And this mum revamped her stairs into an incredible waterfall mural after her 11-year-old ruined the carpet and it only cost £21.
1627	And this POS still has a job after that video?
1628	And this woman was going, ‘And now, from America, we have Little Richard,’” he recalled.
1629	And this year the third generation family-run shop in Hull's Hepworth Arcade is celebrating a major milestone in its long history - its 90th birthday.
1630	And those bureaucrats change their stories based on political considerations.
1631	And those on the front lines are concerned it could dry out vegetation in other parts of the West, setting the stage for future fires.
1632	And those persons thus infected, infected others who infected others.
1633	And those where they have perhaps decided I wasn’t worth the effort either.
1634	And thousands of first responders every year," Hans said.
1635	And three of them are rapid.
1636	And throughout the Trump administration, there are relevant or occupied by officials never confirmed by the Senate.
1637	And thus my siblings and I do not count you as black.
1638	And to all those seeking this kind of blessings.
1639	And to do so, you must consider what you would do if the worst should happen: fire, flood or theft.
1640	And to say he’s living more today than he ever has is an understatement.
1641	And Treasuries are backing up that sentiment, as the 30-year bond yield tumbled past historic lows to 1.93 percent this week, 2 basis points lower than the all-time low of 1.95 percent.
1642	And Trump has found himself dwelling more and more in the conservative media echo chamber, talking to an increasingly smaller portion of the electorate.
1643	And trying to flush a live goose down a toilet?
1644	And unfortunately, their lives were cut short because of the virus.”
1645	And unlike Samsung, Google's sentient AI - Google Assistant - is actually worth using.
1646	And, until today, there is no clear view as to when the league will resume, or if it will resume.
1647	And using those daily lists, I devised a Top 10 ranking system that allows me to chart which movies have been the most viral.
1648	“And we already know that schools have many more women than men.
1649	And we are all moving.
1650	And we can't have a very humane society without this thing called a monopoly of violence.
1651	And we don't know yet exactly how Congress is going to function.
1652	And we even get a sneak peek of the twin brother, who is obviously making a beeline for Detective Chloe Decker (Lauren German).
1653	And we helped flatten the curve.
1654	And, well, you see alludes to what happened: “US intelligence briefer appears to have overstated assessment of 2020 Russian interference.”
1655	And, we’re all Pennsylvania gawkers now.
1656	And we’re definitely not gonna close to Thanksgiving.
1657	And we’re going to see if we can make a meal together but apart,” the explains in the two-minute teaser, using her grandparents and close friends as “taste testers.”
1658	"And we stand by the responsibility that remains."
1659	And we think this is just a great opportunity that will have a long-lasting impact for these folks.”
1660	And we were like, ‘Hey, wait — we have a list of people who care about Bernie.
1661	And we would love for you to dress in red and be along the route to wave back.
1662	“And what does she get?
1663	And what finally got to him wasn't the 122,000 lives lost in America, but instead the 12,800 empty seats in an arena."
1664	And what is lost is not just a building and its bunks, but inspiration: a number of the young people who stayed on Fox Island and gained a love of nature and the environment have gone on to be scientists.
1665	And what is up with people pronouncing New Mexico with that horrid x sound in the middle rather than MeHEEco.
1666	And what’s next for Williams?
1667	And what “winning situation” have you accomplished by this fiasco?
1668	And when I am at home I tend to cook with less fat and sugar.'
1669	And when it became clear what Jenny was about to do, things got really awkward fast.
1670	And when it comes to Horgan’s response to other leaders’ questions, Telford adds the BC NDP leader will need to keep his composure.
1671	And when NDSU does finalize its recruiting class on Dec. 16, Entz anticipates that will be it.
1672	And when there is an attempt to hold them to account the refrain becomes ‘our religion is under attack’ by unbelievers.’
1673	And when these things happen, they are disorienting.
1674	And when you click the time/date icon on the notification area of Windows 10, the reminder will appear listed on a side panel below a calendar.
1675	And while Atticus certainly gets family and friends to help him along the way, audiences probably shouldn't get their hopes up for another team-up with Jackie Robinson and Dejah Thoris any time soon.
1676	And while Cawthorn’s campaign didn’t provide any answers—they did not respond to several requests for comment, which included a detailed list of questions—what I discovered was illuminating.
1677	And while he’s still a very good player (just watch his performance against Man United in City’s Carabao Cup walkover) he’s not quite pushed on this season, while his Dream Team total of 86 points puts him just 28th in the overall ranking.
1678	And while I don’t think Donald Trump thinks he’s going to pull it off, he’s trying to keep his options open, and one of the options he would like to keep open is to literally steal an election by claiming that the Democratic party has stolen an election.
1679	And while I know it’s easy to point the finger at third parties, in my experience browser glitches are more often than not caused by those add-ons.
1680	And while Joey was pretty skeptical watching me cook my lentils, he was totally on board once dinner finally hit the table.
1681	And while recycling doesn’t solve everything, it’s certainly going to help – especially if plastic is fished out of the sea to be reused.
1682	And while Scorpios can be quite intense and dark, something lighter and purer like a unicorn hair core can balance them out.
1683	And while that gain provides a nice headline for Ford, it was attributable to that massive one-time gain, and the other numbers in Ford’s earnings report are worrying.
1684	And while the graffiti could conceivably have been written by a patriotic nationalist, it is most likely a declaration of dissent.
1685	And while the Iowa Democratic Party said it is working to validate the results using photographs and a paper trail, candidates are already shifting their focus to the next contest: the New Hampshire primary on February 11.
1686	And, while the logistical and funding challenges around this election are real, they do not excuse clear mismanagement in a system overly reliant on political appointees and badly in need of reform.
1687	And William reportedly questioned Meghan's intentions and feared that Duke of Sussex was being 'blindsided by lust'.
1688	And with only one more episode prior to the event, a second swerve is not very likely.
1689	And without routine, “he acts out”.
1690	And with the possibility of featuring alongside England’s Tammy Abraham and the inform Hakim Ziyech expect him to flourish as the match looms at the weekend.
1691	And with wireless in-ears rising in prominence over recent years, many more of us are wearing 'buds buried in our ear canals.
1692	And would allow us now to identify asymptomatic carriers and protect the most vulnerable.
1693	And yeah, I got better," the "Yummy" singer confessed.
1694	And yes, some cheered Lemon, while others are irate over his remarks.
1695	And yes, the Oskar Blues.
1696	And yet, by sketchily suggesting her torso, Rose lets viewers know that this formidable woman is no longer with us.
1697	And yet every time, when you thought she couldn’t possibly take any more, she defied us.
1698	And yet Governor Walz keeps up a campaign of fear abetted by the local media.
1699	And yet I'd bet money he lives to a hundred.
1700	And yet, it was only by his presentation that the show became the clean, mannered institution it came to be.
1701	“And yet, we all yearn for just a little bit of normality, to reclaim some aspects of our lives pre-COVID.”
1702	ANDY HALLIDAY suffered a nasty gash in his head after falling on an upturned metal chair in a freak accident during Rangers’ win over Livingston.
1703	Andy is web editor at the Pioneer Press.
1704	“And you do it by doing it.
1705	And you don’t have to be American to enjoy it, but it helps.
1706	And you don’t realize that there is a country full of people who are center-right, who are saying, “I love my family.
1707	And you know, I love Texas.
1708	And you know old habit die hard.
1709	And you know, the evidence that both candidates point to make to their claims is certainly there.
1710	And you know what that one is.
1711	And you think "humans" are stupid?
1712	And you were right.
1713	Andy Slavitt, acting administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services under the Obama administration, for Hahn to resign and tell “the story of interference” in order to “protect” the agency.
1714	A nearby lawn adorns a sign that reads: â€œIn.
1715	An earlier version of this article misstated Electronic Art’s plans for GDC.
1716	A nearly empty beachfront during what is normally peak season.
1717	An eccentric gun-toting aristocrat has put his 13-bedroom 2,000 acre Somerset country home up for rent for £20,000 a month.
1718	A neighbouring municipal representative says the key is for local townships to have a long-term agreement in place with the NCC (that basically would have the latter pick up the tab for the loss of taxes they would face).
1719	“An election where there’s only one option really isn’t an election at all,” McDaniel said.
1720	An email dated 13 March 2020 was sent to the School of Continuing Education (SCE) and SASPS inviting the faculty and staff to a meet on the 16 respectively, which did not materialize.
1721	An emergency corpus is required at all points of time as it can cushion us during unexpected events such as medical requirements, job loss, car/appliance breakdown, etc.”
1722	An empty bar in the usually bustling Lan Kwai Fong area in Hong Kong.
1723	An empty box of government cheese awaits the recycle bin after troops hand out essential food items to those in need, on Monday, May 5 at Kino Veteran's Memorial Stadium located at 2500 E Ajo Way.
1724	An empty Goa street.
1725	An entire episode of the never-before-seen animated comedy series - Star Wars: Detours entitled "Dog Day Afternoon" was leaked online.
1726	An estimated 392,078 babies were born around the world on New Year's Day, according to UNICEF.
1727	A new analysis suggests governments need to act faster and take even stronger action to reduce social interaction to control the coronavirus, well beyond the shutdown of large-scale events imposed from Monday.
1728	"A new attempt occurred today," he insisted.
1729	A new data center, the Raxio Uganda facility, built on the outskirts of the capital Kampala will have access to 1.5MW and marketed as a colocation facility, pitching for Ugandan financial businesses and government agencies.
1730	A new date has not been confirmed, the center will release that information as it becomes available.
1731	A New Delhi court has scheduled the hangings for Jan.
1732	A new Joe Biden ad is pulling on all the heartstrings, and it features the deep-voiced narration of Sam Elliott.
1733	A NEWLYWED fought off a giant barracuda on his honeymoon — after it started chomping on his tackle.
1734	A new play area, memorial, lawn area, amenities building and lighting will be installed at Brighton Memorial Playing Fields.
1735	A new report from the Vancouver Police compares crime statistics from January to September 2020 with the same time period in 2019.
1736	A new report reveals that the Treasury Department has yet to distribute much of the $500 billion allotted to help businesses and local governments.
1737	A new said half of Americans laid off now believe their jobs will not return.
1738	A new sneak peek from lays the groundwork for Brook Lynn’s excitement.
1739	A news outlet claims to have found the conservative political commentator's brilliant way to raise money for herself through a for-profit company called Candace Owens LLC.
1740	A new study indicates that this need not be the case.
1741	A new study of over 400 technology leaders in the US, UK and Germany shows that 80 percent of organizations are struggling to reach application delivery requirements with their existing infrastructure.
1742	A new vehicle called Light Snowmobile has also been added in the classic mode, but it only spawns in the Vikendi map.
1743	A new year beckons us forward.
1744	An example of how property-casualty insurers have already adapted is the move that many property-casualty carriers have made to adjust automobile premiums for lower usage.
1745	An exciting revelation indeed.
1746	An exclusive half marathon, 21.1km, hosted in Prague.
1747	An exhausted-sounding Trump on when he'll declare victory: "When there's victory.
1748	An experienced command pilot who just came from the elite U.S. Air Force Weapons School at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, Groat said Wiese nonetheless needed to build familiarity with Alaska’s unique weather and terrain.
1749	An experimental vaccine developed by US pharma giant Pfizer and German firm BioNTech is 90-per-cent …
1750	An eyewitness recounted the Nizam’s action and the gratitude of the people.
1751	Áñez, who has been widely criticised for running after publicly committing not to, trails in third with 10.4%.
1752	An FOI request to Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) on the status of the company was acknowledged but had not been honoured at the time of filing this report.
1753	An F Sport model goes for $35,325 and a 200 Luxury model for $38,525.
1754	Ang akin doon is ‘yung corruption that maybe it might be a vain attempt but maybe dagdagan ang suweldo para it would be a hedge against corruption.
1755	Angela Bassett was amazing as well.
1756	“Angela is on Pillow Talk?
1757	Angelina Jolie calls daughter Zahara, 15, an 'extraordinary African woman': 'I have learned so much from her'
1758	Angelo was right.
1759	Angel’s determination to solve the case, the buildup to absurdity, and its upcoming twist make for an intriguing mystery that only comics like Wright, Pegg, and Frost can pull off easily.
1760	Anger has nothing on which it can lean; it arises from nothing steady or durable.”
1761	Angry crowds chant 'Death to America!' and hold signs vowing.
1762	Angry Drunk BureaucratShe lacks the warmth and depth for that award.
1763	An IEP is a written document created by a teacher and the parents of a special needs student.
1764	Anika Schafer made four 3-pointers for 12 points.
1765	An image from 'Collisions' at the National Museum of Australia in 2017.
1766	Animal Crossing: New Horizons was earlier this month when Amazon was a bit late getting some of the preorder games shipped to customers.
1767	Animals don't understand the idea that humans want them to do.
1768	Animals, not being rational, do not.
1769	“An important piece to consider is foster parent retention,” Gray said.
1770	An independent judiciary can and must stand between the government and the people, protect weak and vulnerable human beings against executive abuse and ensure that all, including government, comply with each and every constitutional injunction.
1771	An index may use a bid price while a NAV uses mid pricing.
1772	An Indian American has broken through.
1773	An individual or an authorized taxpayer can file returns through the GST portal in a seamless manner.
1774	An industry package that represented broader concerns and increased weight, amounting to £ 15 lakh crore.
1775	An influential London-based magazine, The Economist, has expressed its preference for Nigeria's candidate, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, for the position of director-general of the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
1776	An initial investigation into the cause of an east Vancouver fire that killed two people Tuesday evening implicated an improperly discarded or dropped cigarette.
1777	An initial mineral resource estimate for the Hurricane zone will follow when the deposit’s extents are better understood – likely sometime within the next 12 months.”
1778	“An innovative company with renewed capacity for growth, Lidl Northern Ireland acknowledges this company’s hard work and commitment afforded by its team of staff and we’re proud to support its expansion.”
1779	An international team of mathematicians whose theories have improved the compression of large digital files of data, including images and sound, will be recognized with one of the most prestigious awards in the Spanish-speaking world.
1780	An investigation has been launched regarding the deadly incident.
1781	An investigation revealed that Pedley struck a pole then left the scene.
1782	An investment is impaired when its estimated fair value is less than the carrying amount of our investment.
1783	An Iranian politician offered a $3 million reward to anyone who killed US President could avoid threats if it had nuclear arms, ISNA news agency reported on Tuesday amid Tehran’s latest standoff with Washington.
1784	An Iraqi woman is pictured collecting plastic and metal bottles from a garbage dump in Baghdad in 2008.
1785	Anjlin also won the first prize award for Year 13 and subject awards in English, Chemistry and Physics.
1786	Annabella Sciorra attends HBO's "The Sopranos" 20th anniversary at the SVA Theatre in New York.
1787	Annabelle Jones, the next door neighbor, says her family became emotional about the incident.
1788	Anne Case is an emeritus professor of economics and public affairs at Princeton University and co-author, with Angus Deaton, of the recent book “Deaths of Despair and the Future of Capitalism.”
1789	Annette has also sung praise for her transgender activist son, who started transitioning at age 14. "I'm super-proud of him," she told The Observer in 2017.
1790	Announce it is time to Vote Trump Out and Vote in the long-overdue Pay Raise.
1791	Annually, $497 billion in goods are shipped to and from Virginia, relying heavily on the state’s network of roads and bridges.
1792	An NYPD spokesperson said they will “review the lawsuit if and when it is served” and did not provide further comment.
1793	A No. 14 peak on the Billboard 200 is a remarkable achievement for Map of the Soul: 7 - The Journey, considering it was not primarily intended to impact the U.S. charts.
1794	An officer would not be dispatched to complaints about littering, lost and found items, identity theft an general requests to speak to a trooper.
1795	An official announcement about the mobile game hasn’t been made yet, but the leaked images and descriptions that have surfaced so far are more than enough to point to an upcoming announcement and release.
1796	An official at another sponsor firm also expressed some concern, saying, “Our in-house department for the Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics needs to be kept intact for longer, and the move will affect company-wide personnel allocation.”
1797	An official from Jordan’s health ministry, Adnan Ishaq, told state TV the meat had become infected because it was not chilled and lab tests had revealed bacteria growing in it.
1798	An official from the Garden department said that the civic body was facing the risk of getting fined for failing to comply to the National Green Tribunal (NGT) order, which was issued on March 18 this year.
1799	An of the court’s performance, as well as upcoming elections of the next prosecutor and several judges, have key roles to play in strengthening the court.
1800	An online petition on change.org by the Parent Association demands that schools remain shut until “zero COVID cases in the (respective) state”.
1801	Anonymous users are not allowed to join meetings created by individual accounts.
1802	An ordinance prohibiting the obstruction of sidewalks with merchandise or other material, interfering with the free passage of pedestrians, was adopted at a session of the city counsel.
1803	A north-east council will hold an information session for a community hit by a number of bridge closures.
1804	Another 11 were missing, while 1,600 people had been displaced from their homes, authorities said.
1805	Another ability Sage has is her Slow Orb, which blankets the ground where it explodes in a kind of blue goo, slowing any who try to trudge through.
1806	Another assumption, that Russia has an expansionist agenda in the Arctic, is generational but strategically incapacitating.
1807	Another Brainerd Lakes Curling Association team called Powers Rink competed this weekend for the first time.
1808	Another check dam at Badapodaguda panchayat is in a worse condition.
1809	Another child, Asiphile Grootboom, 7, was briefly admitted to the clinic and discharged.
1810	Another day, another PNC scandal…this time, concerning the “Sustainable Livelihood and Entrepreneurial Development (SLED) Initiative” launched in 2015.
1811	Another delicious meal.
1812	Another driver, Jill Jobity, told me she picked up a customer who had just received her negative test result for Covid-19.
1813	Another free and searchable source for newspapers in NY is www.fultonhistory.com. The Buffalo News and Buffalo Courier Express, while not indexed, are all available on microfilm in the Grosvenor Room of the Buffalo downtown library.
1814	Another front-runner, Moderna, that its vaccine, which uses similar technology, was 94.5 percent effective and that the company also expected to apply soon for emergency authorization.
1815	Another gallery still on virtual display is the Kaul Gallery, featuring photography of RJ Kern entitled “The Unchosen Ones.”
1816	Another goal of the project, Peterson said, is to create the opportunity for growth and additional capacity for the programs.
1817	ANOTHER Gokwe Town Council executive is under the cosh after being arrested on abuse of office charges, it has emerged.
1818	Another head-scratching bout related to Jerry's Warrior girlfriend comes in the form of the telekinetic powers that Jerry has somehow picked up from her.
1819	Another hip-hop artifact is expected to be put up for auction in the coming weeks.
1820	Another in Australia attributed 12.3% of all childhood asthma burden to gas stoves.
1821	Another insider said they were “still hopeful of a deal”, but there was a willingness among cabinet ministers to back the prime minister should he decide on a no-deal outcome.
1822	Another judge delivers blow to USPS, says changes put election mail ‘at risk’
1823	Another June 2016 agreement, under which Packer’s company CPH provided services to Crown, was also torn up.
1824	Another main advantage of Lean Body burn pill is boosting your gut system.
1825	Another Malaysian company Karex, the world's top condom maker, said it has converted two of its lubricant lines to make hand sanitisers after requests from medical customers.
1826	Another man says: “Do you want a sticker?”
1827	Another man was shot during a robbery about an hour and a half before that in West Town.
1828	Another mum shared a photo (pictured) in the comments and revealed she used a combination of Windex, hairspray and Bissell spot cleaner to make her carpet look new.
1829	Another no-no is to avoid walking around on wet ground, like spongy wet lawns or beds.
1830	Another official said that the Union Minister has not come to office since Wednesday.
1831	Another pitcher the team will probably look into is right hander.
1832	Another previously considered option was a change to the bus system.
1833	Another priority to renew the transatlantic alliance is harmonisation of views on European security and defence.
1834	Another program the Caraway Foundation provides is the Anson Youth Leaders Academy, which teaches middle-school age children leadership skills, philanthropy, and volunteerism.
1835	Another reason Moran could be an every day player moving forward is his success against left-handed pitching.
1836	Another reporter from a local channel called JK24x7 was shot at and wounded.
1837	Another respect is, it's no longer true that most jobs for young people are full-time.
1838	Another said, “Police violence and racism are a public health emergency.”
1839	Another significant advantage of capsule neural networks was that they don’t require as much training data as convolutional neural networks.
1840	Another special feature that the S20 Plus has is the aforementioned ability to shoot 8K video, which looks incredible.
1841	Another Springfield establishment is closing temporarily as a precaution, this time based on a possible COVID-19 case.
1842	Another such example, Black Girl Ventures, a nonprofit organization launched by Shelly Bell in 2016, has helped to scale more than 100 Black and brown women-owned businesses across 12 cities through its pitch competitions.
1843	Another time, Heckenlively was working with a professor at Michigan Technological University, and the two were studying the temperature properties inside chicken heads.
1844	Another time that Edward exhibits controlling and creepy behavior is when he stalks Bella to Port Angeles.
1845	Another tourist said the canyon was simply 'meh'.
1846	Another triple from Levy and a free-throw from Maund brought the deficit down to 10 points with one quarter left to play.
1847	“Another Trump briefing, more Trump falsehoods on coronavirus and mail-in voting”
1848	Another victim then reported being sprayed while jogging and a third was sprayed as she walked out of her home.
1849	Another wrote: ‘both of you fabulous women are incredible.
1850	A notice to this effect was issued by the BBA’s secretary, senior advocate Birendra Saraf.
1851	An outdoor courtyard will feature space for a bocce ball court and a pool.
1852	An outdoor dining area outside Rose’s Taproom, one of many businesses participating in Picnic on Telegraph.
1853	ANRP aced all the requirements of INEC and should not be summarily oppressed.
1854	Anselm Ojezua, the former APC State Chairman and his collaborators to discredit and have Pastor Ize-Iyamu removed from the ballot hit the brickswall.
1855	• Anson Al-Anon Family Groups meets on Thursdays at 7 p.m. at the AA Building, 2177 Country Club Road in Wadesboro.
1856	Answer to those questions along with listener texts, Tweets and calls come your way on the 249th episode of Three Guys Before The Game.
1857	Ant first invested in Paytm in 2015 and owns its 30% stake in the firm via its parent company, One97 Communications, according to Ant's initial public offering prospectus, which described the Indian firm as a major associate.
1858	Anthony Fauci and other agency leaders push back on allegations the federal government hasn’t done enough to confront the pandemic.
1859	Anthony Fortin said the game was a battle and the Hawks fought through tired legs and burning lungs but were able to earn a win.
1860	Anthony “Geezy” Gonzalez opened up to VladTV about being tied to Olympian track sprinter Tim Montgomery in his drug case, and he denied ever being involved in selling drugs with Montgomery.
1861	Anthony Ghobriel scored twice during Highland Park's 41-21 win over Sherman on Friday.
1862	Anti-Brexit campaign group Best for Britain slammed the BBC for publishing such a debate fearing it could "normalise" the "expression of racist views."
1863	Anticipating on effects of shutdowns on leverage ratios, CPI obtained a covenant waiver which is expected to address the impact of the COVID crisis for several months.
1864	Antifa punched street preacher in the face and they carry him away after he collapses in the street.
1865	Anti-vaxxer Novak Djokovic faces huge questions over his.
1866	Antwerp dominated the first half and went ahead just before the half-hour mark after a defensive lapse by Ben Davies allowed Dieumerci Mbokani to steal the ball and set up the Israel international for a solid finish.
1867	A number of area schools held a Jersey Day fundraiser on Friday with St. Joseph-Scollard Hall, West Ferris, and Chippewa all raising more than $2,000 each as students wore a hockey jersey and brought donations for the cause to their respective school.
1868	A number of current and former employees have spoken out in defence of Bloomberg, and say his promotion of women and advocacy on women’s issues has long been one of his strengths.
1869	A number of equities analysts have issued reports on the stock.
1870	A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of RMD.
1871	A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in BMRN.
1872	A number of Nigerian women, who aren’t often the central target of SARS brutality are being harassed at protests they banded together to attend and support.
1873	A number of Northwestern players on this year’s roster are navigating two career paths: preparing for a football season and preparing to be a doctor.
1874	A number of other new standards are also effective from 1 January 2019 but they do not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
1875	A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on CVE.
1876	A number of reports have been released since then certifying that the ammunitions contain other chemicals of mass destruction.
1877	A number of research analysts recently commented on SMG shares.
1878	A number of research firms have issued reports on ADBE.
1879	A number of these were about falling on the Luas tracks, such as the example below.
1880	A number saw “substantial likelihood” of additional waves of virus outbreaks, with the potential to cause a drawn-out period of economic weakness.
1881	An undated photo shows Chad Daybell.
1882	An unsettling number of people are confused about what kind of loyalty they owe their employers.
1883	An update on the project was initially scheduled for earlier this year but was rescheduled due to the pandemic.
1884	An updates page on the fair’s website, which includes a link to extensive questions and answers regarding the cancellation, is available online at https://www.
1885	A nutrient called molybdenum can help.
1886	Any 30 days to weeks all the gambling house adds delicious game titles and even promotions.
1887	Anya Taylor-Joy (“The Queen’s Gambit”) plays that disastrously maladroit matchmaker Emma Woodhouse with a full complement of obliviousness, smarts, and guile.
1888	Anybody, I’d wish the same thing.”
1889	Any buddy comedy-like banter between former President Barack Obama and Mr. Biden, beloved by Democratic voters, will have to take place at a six-foot distance — or through the magic of television.
1890	Any chance Jeudy drops to 23?
1891	Any chance the Patriots carry more than 6 WRs in 2020 (not including Matthew Slater)?
1892	Any decision on Singapore Tribunal’s verdict in the Vodafone matter?
1893	Any fans of the Gremlins movies knows the rules: keep them out of sunlight, don’t get them wet, and never feed them after midnight.
1894	Any group of six to eight can form a team,” said PEF board member Will Sargent.
1895	Any interference of the State in these affairs hurts the believer.
1896	Any Minnesota voter right now who ordered an absentee ballot to come to them by mail, it is too late for you practically speaking to get it back," State Secretary Steve Simon said on a call with media Thursday, Oct. 29. "Don’t risk it.
1897	“Any more people attending per graduate will have to be one of the first 110 at the gym prior to the ceremony.
1898	Anyone displaying symptoms would not have been allowed to board the plane in the first place.
1899	'Anyone else?' she wrote.
1900	• Anyone exhibiting flu-symptoms on day of donation will be deferred for seven days.
1901	Anyone found offering services to someone who is not complying with health protocols will be held liable,” said Kakamega Governor Wycliffe Oparanya.
1902	Anyone heading out on the coast between Falmouth and Helford can now get up-to-the-minute weather reports thanks to a new free information service from the 'eyes along the coast'.
1903	Anyone interested in donating books to the YWCA Little Free Library can email YWCA Community Resources Coordinator Vicki Dorway.
1904	Anyone or any place required to collect a New York sales tax will be barred from issuing single-use plastic bags.
1905	Anyone remember the last time that happened?
1906	Anyone returning from overseas is required supposed to self-isolate for 14 days under current quarantine laws, with few exceptions.
1907	Anyone who attended the wake is asked to self-isolate.
1908	Anyone who has experienced familial quarreling during the holidays will relate to Sonoma County–based Left Edge Theatre’s virtual production of The Thanksgiving Play.
1909	Anyone who may have witnessed this incident or can assist Gardaí should contact Mountjoy Garda Station on 01 666 8600, the Garda Confidential Line on 1800 666 111 or any Garda Station.
1910	Anyone with any information should contact Clondalkin garda station on 01 666 7600, the Garda Confidential Line on 1800 666 111 or any garda station.
1911	Anyone with information is urged to call the US Postal Inspection Service at (877) 876-2455.
1912	Anyone with suspected coronavirus who becomes seriously ill should call 111.
1913	Anyone with symptoms must follow the latest Government or HSE guidance to access testing.”
1914	Any other response, however peaceful, democratic, legal or constitutional, would be suspect as a grievous lack of patriotism.
1915	Any part of Europe.
1916	Any pet owner will tell you that pets have unsavoury habits and, when not properly house-trained, can leave unwanted “presents” around the office.
1917	Any powers so conferred may be concurrent with, or to the exclusion of, the powers of the directors.
1918	Any sort of offensive production your catcher can give you is icing on the cake, and Garcia has the potential to be an overall pretty good hitter for a catcher.
1919	Any spike will raise fears of a return to the dreadful early days of the pandemic when more than 800 New Yorkers a day were dying.
1920	“Any team that he’s not a part of is going to be slightly weaker.
1921	Anything is a dildo if you are brave enough.
1922	“Anything people can do as a community to help flatten the curve and support the medical workers on the front lines is great.
1923	Anything short of this is mindless madness.
1924	Anything that gets kids to read is a good thing.
1925	Anytime he was tired, he’d look over and see Jared and say, ‘I have nothing to complain about and I’m going to play harder.’
1926	Anytime he wins, he goes home to his lovely wife a happy man.
1927	Any vacancy that has a fee attached to it must always be considered a scam, said the airport.
1928	Anyway, that's pretty much what we'd expect of someone appointed by a President who declared himself the winner of the election long before anyone else.
1929	Anywhere from 10 to 1,000 feet beneath the surface, the temperature is a steady 54°F, year-round, everywhere in the country.
1930	“Anywhere from late morning to early afternoon,” is when the stiffest winds will arrive as the front arrives in the Las Vegas Valley,” said weaather service meteorologist Andy Gorelow.
1931	“Anywhere you go, there is the potential to be exposed,” said Ann Stehn, administrator at Horizon Public Health.
1932	Any zombie that crosses over a spikeweed is out of luck.
1933	ANZ chairman David Gonski says Australia needs to overcome a fear of failure.
1934	Aoi was a secondary character who had potential.
1935	A one-time letter is $29.99 and a four-letter package is $99 at Cyranoletter.com. There are monthly services for less at Allloveletters.
1936	“Apache Sunrise Ceremony” took first place in its category at the 2015 Santa Fe Indian Market.
1937	“APAC with China and Korea is recovering.
1938	A pair of beavers introduced to a Yorkshire forest last year may have played a vital role in preventing flooding this month.
1939	A pair of gold-rimmed spectacles believed to be once worn by for £260,000 (over Rs 2.5 crore) in the UK on Friday, four weeks after they were first discovered sticking out of a letter box outside the auction house, BBC reported.
1940	A Pakistan International Airlines Corp. flight with 99 people on board crashed into a residential neighborhood of Karachi after the pilots reported losing power from both engines as the plane approached for landing.
1941	A Pakistan International Airlines plane reportedly carrying 90 passengers has crashed in Karachi on a flight from Lahore, according to officials.
1942	A pandemic that had been defined early on by a series of shifting epicenters — including Wuhan, China; Iran; northern Italy; Spain; and New York — was now distinguished by a wide and expanding scope.
1943	Apart from clothes, there are interesting blue stones that can be used for accessorising your outfit in earrings, bracelets, lockets, rings and more.
1944	Apart from Dugal, Shweta Tripathi Sharma also impresses with her performance as Gajgamini Gupta.
1945	"Apart from his technical skills, his approach is very quiet and optimistic.
1946	“Apart from such hotspots, we are planning to create tree parks with mainly native species in the existing BBMP parks.
1947	Apart from that, the police have also booked seven cases for not following the elections rules.
1948	Apart from the APC, other political parties that participated in the election included the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Social Democratic Party (SDP).
1949	Apart from the election, investors are awaiting the Federal Reserve’s decision on its interest-rate policy on Thursday.
1950	Apart from the intensifying reforestation efforts, Tugade proposed the dredging of Cagayan River to ease flooding in the province during storms.
1951	Apart from this, four travellers from China tested positive for the virus in Japan, South Korea, and Thailand.
1952	A part of me dreaded going back to China because I would definitely be picked apart.
1953	A passenger in a semitrailer was killed after the driver lost control of the vehicle on an icy road.
1954	A passionate conservationist who is close to Zac Goldsmith, she could push the government towards offering more support for environment-friendly policies.
1955	‘APCON registrar and the task ahead’
1956	A Pennsylvania judge on Friday slashed to $6.8 million from $8 billion a punitive damages award against Johnson & Johnson to a man who said it failed to warn that boys using its antipsychotic drug Risperdal could grow breasts.
1957	Aperio Group LLC now owns 818,713 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,019,000 after purchasing an additional 74,942 shares in the last quarter.
1958	“A persistent suspension of the scheme would have a significant impact on insurance sales to mainland visitors,” they said.
1959	A person with knowledge of the situation told The Associated Press that the Patriots intend to release receiver Mohamed Sanu, ending a disappointing tenure in New England that was marred by injuries.
1960	A phone call seeking clarification was not immediately returned.
1961	“A pioneer in the field of restoration concepts, it was a question of challenging ourselves to develop a new project and to associate Guillaume Glipa, a specialist in the field.”
1962	AP journalists around the U.S. contributed to this report.
1963	A plainclothes detective turned on his lights and sirens started following the stolen vehicle, but stopped when it got onto I-279.
1964	A Plymouth man has been charged with murder in the death of his grandmother.
1965	Apocalyptic environmentalists like Sanders, Thunberg, and Extinction Rebellion insist that if we don’t enact their agenda, industrial civilization will come to an end.
1966	Apparently, it is “more common” in the K-pop industry than anyone expected.
1967	"Apparently, it was a very polite and cordial interaction, it was a good reminder of what not to do at the airport," Simonds added.
1968	Apparently,the nurses are currently working for a mere ZW$1000 – ZW$2000.
1969	Apparently, the Pittsburgh Pirates are planning on doing a hybrid of both depending on the situation.
1970	Appealing to the public in the next election does not aid this Committee in its urgent inquiries.”
1971	Appearing before court, they all pleaded guilty to the charge and the state asked the court to give the three a stiff penalty saying such offences are now rampant in the district.
1972	Appearing on CNN, Garcetti was asked about an LA Times editorial that criticized the rapid reopening of California — which was followed by a spike in new COVID-19 cases.
1973	Apple a host of new software updates during Monday's WWDC keynote.
1974	Apple also announced a HomePod Mini smart speaker that will come in white and gray, cost $99 and be shipped starting Nov. 16.
1975	Apple Disables Clearview AI's App, Accusing the Face Recognition Firm of Violating Its Rules https://t.
1976	Apple disputes that characterization, saying that it collects only a portion of sales from a small percentage of the almost 2 million apps available on the App Store and that its practices are in line with competitors' app marketplaces.
1977	Apple is showing a gain of 48.6% looking at the year to date performance.
1978	"Apple is trying to obstruct the publication of a book that addresses its business practices, but is written very sympathetically," Graef said.
1979	Apple's "butterfly" keyboards were largely criticized by reviewers.
1980	Apple to migrate Macs to ARM chips in 2021?
1981	Applicants still must take formal exams, submit post-secondary transcripts and prove their professional experience if they want to be certified.
1982	Application process begins: December 2, 2020.
1983	Applications are due Tuesday, December 17, 2019.
1984	Applications for CAARE are available at: ChathamArtsCouncil.org. Disbursements are made weekly!
1985	“Applications for registered sexual offenders to be removed from their notification requirements are the subject of careful scrutiny by police.
1986	Applications will be accepted on a continual basis until funds are exhausted.
1987	Applied Optoelectronics has a 12 month low of $8.34 and a 12 month high of $15.98.
1988	Appreciate you all so much for your concerns, taking it one day at a time!
1989	“Approval of this proposal, in our mind, sets a terrible precedent for the entire area.
1990	Approval seeking is always a turnoff.
1991	• Approved a resolution for the Meadows Water System with Danbury added to the title and language.
1992	• Approved the Keystone Academy Continuity in Learning Plan and Charter Contract Amendment Resolution.
1993	Approximately 100 prisoners turned out to hear Gidon Kremer play for almost an hour in a gymnasium at Pacific Institution.
1994	Approximately 20 to 30 percent of LGBTQ+ individuals misuse substances compared to 9 percent of the general population according to Mental Health America.
1995	Approximately 618,601 shares changed hands during trading, an increase of 31% from the average daily volume of 471,458 shares.
1996	Apps for haircut chains like Sports Clips and Great Clips listed waits of at least two or three hours, with some backlogged for more than seven hours.
1997	A prayer vigil will occur simultaneously at Hope Church of Albert Lea where Matson is a parishioner.
1998	A Pre-cancelled First Day Cover affixed with the complete set of stamps and cancelled with a zodiac rat postmark will be sold at S$3.10.
1999	"A precise definition of 'botanical' is lacking, so we assume it is the equivalent of a astronomer's use of 'metal' – including almost everything in the universe apart from a few common ingredients.
2000	A president who is hostile against journalists and scientists, denouncing them at what seems like every opportunity.
2001	A press release will come Sept. 1 with the decision on those two sports.
2002	A previous version of this post misspelled Bryan’s nickname; it is “Roddie,” not “Roddy.”
2003	April 27, 2020 (San Diego’s East Count) -- Despite a growing desire to return to life as normal, East County residents and businesses are following the state’s COVID-19 social distancing guidelines, officials say.
2004	April sales of bikes, including outdoor and indoor bicycles and accessories, grew 75 percent from the year-earlier period to $1 billion, the firm found.
2005	A prime minister who has in the past treated business as a nuisance now finds he needs to help address the shortage of ventilators.
2006	A private funeral service will be held at the convenience of the family.
2007	A private member’s bill has been tabled before the Scottish Parliament by Emma Harper MSP and it calls for additional powers for investigation and enforcement of such crimes as well as increasing the maximum penalties for offenders.
2008	A pro-democracy lawmaker, Ted Hui, was pepper-sprayed directly in the face by a police officer, after the officer tore off Mr. Hui’s protective goggles.
2009	A published report says Murray has filed an application with the U.S. Department of Labor for black lung benefits.
2010	A pullout of U.S. troops, Trump said, would be "the worst thing that could happen to Iraq."
2011	AP writers Durkin Richer in Boston and Steve Barker in Seaford, England, contributed to this report.
2012	A quality monitor will greatly enhance your experience, and at 27 inches, the Dell S2721HSX monitor gives you a nice big picture and plenty of screen real estate for work and multi-tasking.
2013	A quarter of a century before Euro 88, an Irish team cursed by FAI incompetence, somehow made it to the last eight of the 1964 European Championships.
2014	A Racist’s Name Is on a Senate Office Building.
2015	A rally from here can take the contract to ₹4,600 and if the momentum sustains, it can touch ₹4,650.
2016	A rave in a woodland in Wigan, Greater Manchester was shut down by police in riot vans in the early hours of the morning.
2017	Arbaugh noted that city officials were still in talks over the issue of consolidation, and that the consolidation of the fire departments would be the subject of a second study.
2018	Arbery’s mother, Wanda Cooper-Jones, has said she believes her son was merely out jogging.
2019	Archbishop Aymond held a day of prayer, fasting and atonement on Friday, Oct. 23 and encouraged the Catholic faithful to participate, especially those feeling wounded.
2020	Archbishop Perez also singled out praise for Archbishop Chaput, whom he called a friend and mentor.
2021	Archer took six wickets in the first-Test defeat at Centurion in December, sat out the matches in Cape Town and Port Elizabeth and pulled up in the warm-up ahead of the final Test in Johannesburg.
2022	“Architecture should be designed for the specific communities that it serves, reflecting our rich nation’s diverse places, thought, culture and climates,” said the American Institute of Architects in a statement.
2023	Archuleta, also known as Larry Pusateri, escaped from a Colorado Department of Corrections facility over four decades ago and a federal arrest warrant was issued for him three years later.
2024	ARC Welding professor Jose Bueno has been teaching students by uploading demonstration videos in attempts to give students the most accurate in-class experience.
2025	A real need for speed!
2026	A real tragedy it is.
2027	Areas affected by the latest lockdown have significant Muslim populations.
2028	Areas in the county outside these municipalities are not allowed to sell alcohol on Sunday.
2029	Are birds real?
2030	A recent clinical trial showed the drug helped shorten the recovery time for people who were seriously ill.
2031	A recent letter to the Review-Journal assailed Culinary Local 226, with a membership of 60,000 employees, for being “dead-set against “Medicare for All.”
2032	A record 6.6 million new claims for unemployment benefits were filed last week, according to the latest Labor Department figures released on Thursday.
2033	A recount of the 2016 presidential election netted Trump just 131 additional votes, with a victory margin of 23,000.
2034	A referendum on equalization does nothing for Alberta's economy.
2035	A Regina woman is $500,000 richer after she matched all four numbers playing the Extra on Saturday’s Lotto 6/49 draw.
2036	A regional polling error in the Midwest or the Northeast wouldn't necessarily doom his chances in states like Arizona, for instance.
2037	A relative who lives at the residence called police Monday and responding officers found a 7-month-old girl, 2-year-old girl and 3-year-old boy, authorities said.
2038	A release said that four of them were natives of Kozhikode district, two were from Kannur and one was from Palakkad.
2039	A reminder that Community Transit Route 116 has been rerouted between 3rd and 9th Avenues for Phase 2 construction.
2040	A “remote access Trojan” (RAT) is a type of malware program that provides a back door for remote access and administrative control over the target computer.
2041	A remote contractor position is seeking a backend Scala software engineer to work for Gryphon, a team that is split across Twitter hubs in San Francisco, New York, and London.
2042	A rennaissance of video games, asinine social media, drugs, alcohol and crime.
2043	A report by a parliamentary research centre suggested that the actual tally of infections and deaths in Iran might be almost twice that announced by the health ministry.
2044	A report by the senior economist at the Finance Ministry found that some (about 350,000) do not have a computer at home.
2045	A request for comment to the Captains Endowment Association was not returned.
2046	A rescue operation was launched for two individuals who had been aboard a U.S. Navy helicopter as it went down in the Philippine Sea, the commander of U.S. 7th Fleet said in a statement.
2047	A resignation letter obtained by Politico Magazine reveals that Loverro has resigned from his post without citing a valid reason, and he has just mentioned a mistake committed had compelled him to take such a decision.
2048	Are the providers properly trained and experienced?
2049	Are there any deleted scenes?
2050	Are there characters from Batman’s world that might fit this role better int theory?
2051	Are these the same scammers that buy trolley loads of the same item at super markets, then attempt to sell them at joke prices?
2052	Are they showing that?”
2053	A return to the 500 this year for Alonso was expected to be with Andretti again, but that deal was rejected by Honda because of a fallout between the engine manufacturer, the driver and McLaren over past criticism of its powerplants.
2054	A return to the world where everyone fends for themselves?
2055	A review of how Covid-19 deaths are calculated in England has reduced the UK death toll by more than 5,000.
2056	A review of scheduling practices led to the change.
2057	A review published in 2016 found Savile had sexually abused upwards of 72 people.
2058	Are we still a moral and religious people?
2059	Are you a Maltese person living abroad?
2060	Are you applying to jobs you're qualified for, but not hearing back from anyone?
2061	Are you attending Arrow Video FrightFest October 2020?
2062	Are you celebrating Australia Day today?
2063	Are You Charging Your MacBook on the Wrong Side?
2064	Are you excited to see what the official live-action take on will bring to screens?
2065	Are you forgetting marijuana?
2066	Are you getting closer to the critical work at your company?”
2067	Are you going to take a whirl through these new roles over the weekend?
2068	Are you having any trouble seeing where you going?
2069	Are you ready to roll?
2070	Are you still thankful that you have those rights or would you be willing to give them up because you don’t need them?
2071	Are you tired?”
2072	Are you too hungover to work on Monday?
2073	Ari, 18, Connecticut: ‘The first time someone used my pronouns I almost cried’
2074	Ariana doesn't want to do another public relationship so she is trying to keep this one quiet, but she seems very happy with Dalton," the source said.
2075	Ariana Grande and Justin Bieber hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, Katy Perry debuts "Daisies" on the night an 'Idol' winner is crowned and new releases from Harry Styles and Taylor Swift.
2076	Arians last coached Peyton 20 years ago; first three years of Peyton’s career.
2077	Arians seems to be an NFL version of old Oriole skipper Earl Weaver’s expression.
2078	Ariel and Juana will perform with a band comprised of Salim Washington, renowned saxophonist, flautist and clarinettist and Stanley Matlou, a young drummer who is a UKZN graduate.
2079	A rights activist who witnessed the incident said: “On the way to work, he encountered youth running from police.
2080	Ari Hoffman is a contributing columnist for the Forward.
2081	Aris is 51 now and since August 2019 has lived with Francis in her Queen Street West home.
2082	Arizona GM: D-backs unaware of MadBumâ€™s rodeo careerSCOTTSDALE, Ariz. (AP) â€” The Arizona Diamondbacks knew Madison Bumgarner lives on a ranch but were unaware of his recently-discovered side career as a rodeo.
2083	Arizona is a battleground state for the first time, and it is a state where we are not only ahead, but we have a strong opportunity to build our unique pathway to victory.”
2084	Arizona state troopers, though, say ADOT police have encroached on their jurisdiction, conducting stops and checks far away from borders.
2085	Arjun's love for fitness is awe-inspiring.
2086	Ark (ARK) traded down 2.2% against the dollar and now trades at $0.21 or 0.00002335 BTC.
2087	Arlington ranked No. 2 on the “fewest” checks list.
2088	Army Radio’s Yanir Cozin says that Blue and White is mainly focused on ensuring Netanyahu loses his escape hatch.
2089	Arnold: “He told me, I’m not an American, mate.
2090	Aroa headquartered in Auckland, New Zealand is a private, venture-funded soft-tissue repair company that develops and manufactures medical products to improve healing in complex wounds and soft tissue reconstruction.
2091	A robbery occurred at 9:49 a.m. July 16 in the 5700 block of South Elizabeth Street, and another took place at 1 p.m. July 21 in the 5700 block of South Racine Avenue, police said.
2092	Arogya Van has health-related landscapes and aims to create awareness about the pivotal role of the plant in the wellness of the human body.
2093	Around 1230 hours, the bazooka men again heard the clanking of treads coming from the direction of Marche.
2094	Around 2000, one in three women between the ages of 20 and 24 reported they had been married as children.
2095	'Around 20 police vehicles, armed officers, sniffer dogs and riot shields are on the scene at West George Street in Glasgow.
2096	Around 22 cases of coronavirus have been reported in the United States so far.
2097	Around 29% of Odisha’s 4.5 million hectare net sown area has assured irrigation, whereas the all-India average is 49%.
2098	“Around 31.7 per cent of parents are in favour of reopening schools after a coronavirus vaccine comes into the market.
2099	Around 500 EU citizens who were in China have since been evacuated, including a total of 20 Dutch and a number of Chinese spouses who are currently still quarantined in the Netherlands.
2100	Around 700 members took part at both places.
2101	Around it the bramble bushes are thriving, but the plants in the raised beds have long gone to seed and the dilapidated greenhouses look beyond repair.
2102	Around NSW yesterday, temperatures soared to 9C above average in some parts with severe thunderstorms lashing the state in the evening.
2103	Around the corner, a young man sat with a cardboard sign that said, “Homeless man,” bringing a dose of reality to the state of America and the Democratic Party’s vow to raise wages, create jobs and stir the economy.
2104	Around the same time Byron was writing Manfred, Beethoven was composing the “Hammerklavier” Piano Sonata.
2105	Around the world, more events and festivals were called off, including the women’s world hockey championships in Canada.
2106	A royal source shared with that “she is in good health but it was thought best to move her.
2107	Arrangements are incomplete at Globe Family Funeral Chapel in Garrison.
2108	Arrive Alive’s driving advice for specific scenarios during load-shedding is listed below.
2109	Arsenal boss, Mikel Arteta, has provided the latest update on Willian and Dani Ceballos ahead of his side’s Premier League clash with Leicester City on Sunday night at Emirates.
2110	Arsenal’s Katie McCabe and former West Ham striker Ruesha Littlejohn discuss life as a football-playing couple before and during lockdown.
2111	Arsenault said she was told February 2022 was the only time available for the trial to be held.
2112	Art Harman is the president of the Coalition to Save Manned Space Exploration.
2113	Arthur Litke sold property at 108 Arden Drive to Ross and Katerina Nugent for $240,000.
2114	Article 93 of the Constitution makes it very clear that if the constitution is amended, under the term of a President that president does not benefit.
2115	Article: "According to data collected by Johns Hopkins, more than 180,000 people in the U.S. have recovered from COVID-19."
2116	Artistic rendering of the new Idaho Falls Pediatrics in Ammon.
2117	“Artists are generally very solo as we produce our work so stepping into this store and being surrounded by such skill and creativity is just energizing — and I think a lot of people pick up on that and get excited when they walk in here.”
2118	Artists involved in last year's event said the piece was taken down "" and under the threat of having the entire exhibition taken down.
2119	Artwork on display is by Judy Perry, Jeannie Grisham, Patsy O’Connell, and Janice Taylor.
2120	As a battalion-level planner, then assistant, and finally a primary operations officer, I observed this cycle countless times.
2121	As a biochemist who teaches a class on viruses, I’d been tracking the outbreak of COVID-19 in China.
2122	As a black man in the 1950s, he felt it was time to dedicate himself to fighting for his people.
2123	As a bonafide, card-carrying child of the ‘60s, I know a little something about protests, whether they were part of the civil rights marches or anti-war gatherings.
2124	As a chemistry major, Jessica Villalobos has taken many of the courses future BSN students will enroll in already.
2125	As advocates argued persuasively, federal law reasonably requires immigrants to be able to show they will not become reliant on government programs, but that’s a far cry from tapping such legal sources of help for short-term support.
2126	As a filmmaker, the Queen Elizabeth High School student had made his debut with a low-budget but ambitious ensemble drama with 2011’s Cody Fitz.
2127	As a fisherman Al knows the pebble mine poses a far greater risk than reward for the people who depend on the fisheries of Bristol Bay.
2128	As a former church girl who’s been in Baptist and Pentecostal churches in almost every corner of these United States, I take personal offense to religious characters always being portrayed as fanatics.
2129	As a former merchant, he had been drawn to his new vocation by his coffee addiction and what he imagined would be an easy life such as that of a hacendado he had once known.
2130	“As a girl group, we hope to empower other girls to ‘run their world’ and be their best selves,” the budding hitmakers reveal.
2131	As a group, equities analysts anticipate that Quanta Services Inc will post 2.76 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
2132	As a group, equities research analysts expect that AMERCO will post 3.92 earnings per share for the current year.
2133	As a group, sell-side analysts anticipate that Mcdonald’s Corp will post 5.44 EPS for the current year.
2134	As a group, sell-side analysts predict that Dropbox will post -0.04 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
2135	As a group, they may leave some important details out in what information they share, but they do respect the slayer.
2136	As a guest on Sirius XM’s Breitbart News Daily on Thursday with host Alex Marlow, Schweizer that victims’ rights groups condemned Harris’s cover-up of the documents detailing allegations of sexual abuse against priests.
2137	As a historian, I want to draw three lessons how Jawara's scientific life complemented his political life.
2138	As air leaks out of the puncture, it builds up in the cavity between the lung and chest wall, and causes the lung to collapse.
2139	“As a landlocked country Belarus is strongly interested in the potential of Latvian ports for transshipping various Belarusian cargoes.
2140	A salary cap must be set for next season as well as roster numbers, with a five per cent cut and two players dropping out of the top squad expected.
2141	As a lawyer, starting my practice in a store front on Stanton Street, a New York Times journalist wrote a “human interest” article on me and a then high school student, Migna Taveras, who was officially my first mentee or intern.
2142	As a leader in AR automation, we believe Billtrust is well-positioned to own a disproportionate share."
2143	“A sales meeting should only happen in person if they believe it is really going to make a difference, otherwise we should stick to video conferencing.
2144	As a lifelong fan of both the WWE and the NBA, this is like a dream come true.
2145	As a little something extra, certain contests and sweepstakes permit them to gather data, for example, age, pay, and work, about interested visitors, which is then used to drive marketing choices.
2146	As a long-term tendency, Sri Lanka has been moving away from the path of accommodating the principle of unity in diversity.
2147	As a long-time comics fan and one-time aspiring artist, Kelvin Childs is happy to be a contributing writer for CBR.
2148	As a longtime Hudson resident I would be very interested in what actions are being undertaken locally by our city, county and even our school district officials to do our part to address climate change.
2149	As always, it’s vital that we only trust official sources, take advice from our medical officials, and share only verified information on our social networks.
2150	As always, the show will portray a multitude of different locations and times.
2151	As Al Zeyoudi said, "We are really proud of what we have achieved in the last five years.
2152	As a man of science, he set out to analyze the visual difference between types, which is to say races.
2153	As a matter of fact, she refused to talk to Kody about his problems unless Janelle was also there.
2154	As a member of an off-kilter, depraved team of superheroes, Dogwelder is one of DC's craziest characters, and it's not too hard to see why he's not quite ready for Hollywood.
2155	As Americans confront their own history and reconsider how historical figures are framed in history classes, is a disturbing reminder of what institutional injustice and dehumanization looks like.
2156	'As a mother, you don't want to take their innocence away from them too soon.
2157	"As a musician, I'm doing my part to provide audio healing and to keep the mental health of the masses top of mind," he adds.
2158	As an adult, he has used his samurai to cut down groups of ninja, world-class assassins, and enemies with high-tech guns.
2159	As an assistant and head coach at Long Beach State, he made nine postseason appearances including three trips to the NCAA Super Regionals.
2160	As an established Santa with community ties, he considers himself lucky, having garnered nearly 100 requests for FaceTime bookings so far.
2161	As a new year has dawned, the Oshawa Generals recent struggles continue, as the team has lost six of their last seven games.
2162	As an example of how this would work, Scotland and Northern Ireland would have vetoed Brexit.
2163	As an incredibly popular name in CBD, PureKana definitely knows a thing or two about keeping it pure.
2164	As an innovation, auto-tune has its place, however I preferred to achieve intonation naturally.
2165	“As an institution not receiving weekly offerings, these times are extremely threatening,” said Pritchard.
2166	As an undergrad, she joined in the state of Wyoming’s fight against a federal push to raise the legal drinking age.
2167	As a part of the launch offer, HDFC Bank is offering 10 per cent cashback.
2168	“As a precautionary measure in safeguarding the security of the SABC’s mainframe, we are not in a position to divulge this information,” Seapolelo said.
2169	"As a precaution, passengers have been temporarily moved away from the area.
2170	As a quintessential horror film fan, Joe noted why horror works: “Of all the film and literary genres, horror stirs really strong emotions.
2171	As a reminder, the schools will continue to enforce that all students and staff are required to wear a face covering, practice social distancing outside of the classroom, and implement extra cleaning practices.
2172	As are most Von Trier films, is split into various chapters, along with the use of other experimental filming and editing techniques, making the story a bit difficult to follow.
2173	As a resident of Scarborough for 27 years, I’m writing to encourage voters in Maine Senate District 30 to join me in voting for Democrat Stacy Brenner for state Senate.
2174	"As a resident, recreator and manager of public lands in Moab, I understand the public’s concerns.”
2175	As a result, a colleague went under water to investigate.
2176	As a result, Alphabet’s shares rose three percent in after-hours trades.
2177	As a result, he reduced the country to ashes, but he had enough control over his magic power to keep any demons from dying.
2178	As a result, he secured financing of $30,227 to purchase the vehicle.
2179	As a result, inflation and the cost of basic goods are soaring.
2180	As a result, I now shuffle along with my cane.
2181	"As a result of the assault, the victim was hospitalized overnight and suffered a broken nose, a broken orbital (eye) bone and a brain hemorrhage.
2182	As a result of the cyber-attack, the servers and operating systems of these organisations were significantly damaged, severely affecting their functionality”, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced.
2183	As a result of the downpours, many earth dams are full and could last the farmers a while before they dry out again.
2184	As a result of the loss, IU moved up a notch in the Ken Pom ratings.
2185	As a result of the transfer, CNOOC will hold a 4 percent interest in the Lower Zakum concession and a 4 per cent interest in the Umm Shaif and Nasr concession, while PetroChina will retain a 6 per cent stake in the concessions.
2186	As a result, only 15 to 20 of the 170 sirens atop government buildings will work at 5 p.m. on Sunday.
2187	As a result, prevalence rates cannot be determined in some smaller communities with multiple known cases of COVID-19.
2188	As a result we are cut off from sensuous life, our life with the immediacy of things and other beings.
2189	As a result, when I am lucky, I sleep with four men for as low as L$100, per person which cannot support my habit and feeding."
2190	As a result, while the winners of Evo Japan’s each walked away with several thousands of dollars in prize money, Moriya got a controller.
2191	“As a Scotland supporter you naturally want him to be delivering that kind of quality when he comes up to play for us.
2192	As a second wave of COVID-19 looms over long-term care homes in Ontario, some in the sector are welcoming the province's latest steps to try to protect residents, but worry the money doesn't come soon enough to address urgent staffing shortages.
2193	As a shopping editor, I track the site's newest releases that customers are raving about.
2194	As a show that was always very aware of itself, it was fitting that the last episode saw each character imagining the ideal "seventh season" of their lives.
2195	As a special government employee, Atlas had a 130-day window in which he could serve and that window was technically coming to a close this week.
2196	As a specialist at Yale University wrote recently, “its ferocity is breathtaking and humbling”.
2197	As a state, Illinois is also experiencing a spike in cases, seeing a record-high number of new cases Thursday.
2198	As astronomers eagerly await the opening of the Vera C. Rubin Observatory in Chile, anxious…
2199	As a teacher, the welfare of teachers in the State will be his top priority, which will surely help in bringing a paradigm shift to the education sector, as we know there’s no society that can progress without education.
2200	As a teenager, her parents had put her in a home for troubled girls but she ran away to Miami.
2201	As a tourist, you will have the opportunity to test the air and see what it is like to take a hike in such a pure environment.
2202	As a travel nurse, Dana is used to reshaping her life every few months.
2203	As at Thursday, not less than eight governors had eased the lockdown and announced the reopening of worship ahead of the Eid-el-Fitr.
2204	A Saudi warrant was issued and a notice was filed with Interpol to limit his movements, Aljabri says, also accusing MBS of pressuring Turkey to extradite him.
2205	As a widespread, fruiting tree, native guava traditionally supports a wide range of other species, including more than 100 pollinating insects.
2206	“As a word of caution, I would not expect the new team to continue the same level of accessibility and transparency that I made central to the process during the first two months,” she added.
2207	As bears took over the grip, ended another volatile session in red on Thursday.
2208	As being a debtor, you will be required to meet a number of healthconditions to avail a financing.
2209	As BelTA has reported earlier, on 18 March, Russia closed borders to foreign nationals, including citizens of Belarus, over the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak.
2210	As Bihar enters the first phase of polls today with above 46% voters turn out, highest till date, the lines of final campaign has taken a new turn.
2211	As both an importer and exporter of different energy sources and materials, solid trade ties are far more important than the effort to derive all energy sources and materials from the United States.
2212	As Buckley, Hawke is as sarcastic as she is clever and effortlessly takes over the screen with her ruthless antics.
2213	A scene from Foxtel drama Wentworth, whose fans are asking for a spin-off series.
2214	Ascension Wisconsin Now Accepting Homemade Masks-
2215	"As climate change happens, if we make boundaries that are static in place and time, chances are that the animals we are trying to protect will be gone from those places."
2216	As communities quickly responded to the COVID-19 pandemic, every stage of the food supply chain saw costs increase.
2217	As cool as the Air Raid might look on the stats sheet, both know what needs to happen to fix USC.
2218	As countrywide restrictions intensify, incidents of poor scalability, delivery cancellations and delays will keep happening unless businesses introduce measures to get their supply chain up and running.
2219	A screenshot from a live-feed test by Dru's Place yesterday.
2220	A scuffle broke out between a hawker and Mumbai police personnel on Friday after the hawker was not allowed to sell vegetables in a containment area in Mankhurd.
2221	As customers surged, so did complaints.
2222	As deaths from the coronavirus climbed in Italy and Spain, both countries tightened restrictions on the movements of their citizens.
2223	As decided during consultations with students, he said, the utility and service charge is not being levied on them and will be borne by the University Grants Commission (UGC).
2224	“As Dominic Raab told us when we met with him on January 27: ‘We are reviewing all options.’
2225	As Duterte delivered his message, there were some Filipinos who shared their concerns and observations about the nature and the circumstances surrounding the video.
2226	A search for the boat and the elderly couple was launched on Tuesday night.
2227	A search of his vehicle turned up marijuana and packaging and a handgun.
2228	A search party located the two hikers about 11:30 p.m. at the foot of Pinto Mountain.
2229	“As early as 2006, our company decided to eliminate gas flaring and a gas processing plant was built and commissioned.
2230	A second man who was a passenger in the victim’s vehicle was uninjured, officers said.
2231	A second rule that addresses the burden of franchises’ inabilities to spend on players is the competitive balance draft.
2232	A second said: 'Yes it's a nightmare - colleagues going down with confirmed CV19 as a direct result of inadequate PPE.
2233	A second test is scheduled to be conducted on Tuesday.
2234	A section of the state BJP leaders, however, underlined that the Bihar election results will have little impact on polls in West Bengal, other than seats along the border, but it will act as a "morale booster" for party workers in the state.
2235	A self-portrait taken by Doina CIobanu at home.
2236	A senior member of the South African Police Service will assess whether these criteria have been met before authorising the Amber Alert.
2237	A senior officer of the Special Cell confirmed that they had summoned Kumar for questioning.
2238	A senior official of NHAI told that after opening the 1,600-metre stretch from Balongi, they would open the flyover from Ludhiana side by the end of next month which would be a major relief for commuters.
2239	A separate interactive dashboard for AMD provides an in-depth view of trend and segment-wise revenue performance, along with the forecast for 2019.
2240	Ases, Motshekga encouraged parents to send their children back to school.
2241	A sessions court on Tuesday granted temporary bail to Sonia Pahuja - a co-accused along with her daughter Divya Pahuja in the fake encounter case of Haryana gangster Sandeep Gadoli.
2242	A seventh, Greece, has identified two dead mink with the virus and will notify the W.H.O., according to the country’s Agricultural Development Ministry.
2243	A seven-year-old boy has woken up unharmed outside a home after a carjacker stole an SUV with him inside it.
2244	As everyone who follows golf knows, Payne Stewart left his home outside Orlando on the morning of Oct. 25, 1999, to fly by private plane to Dallas to look at a piece of property for a golf course he was going to design.
2245	As far as possible, the resort and lake avoids the use of imported food – a decision which is reflected in its local menu.
2246	As far as statistics on who suffers from no-knock warrants.
2247	As far as the Central Election Commission of Azerbaijan is concerned it has made elaborate arrangements for the conduct of the free and fair elections in the country.
2248	As fate would have it, Gaetz — who has been accused of posting at least one racist tweet before — had not answered Harris as of late Wednesday night.
2249	As feminists, we were called traitors for bringing up issues like gender equality and ‘honor killings,’ as if we were importing these values form the West into Palestinian society.
2250	As for GaGa, her contribution to "" soundtrack got her awards for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media and Best Song Written for Visual Media.
2251	As for her dating life, Tayshia has quite the list of men she was once serious with.
2252	As for number of people tested, the state reported 12,208 new tests have been administered and 1,881 people are now awaiting test results.
2253	As for Sergio, all he’s ever known is losing to Tiger after Tiger fended him off at Medinah in 1999 and then basically patted him on the head like a good boy the rest of his career.
2254	As for the answer to the question you’re dying to ask: yes, Hana is alive.
2255	As for the course, we are eager to initiate it, but we need to get a few approvals from educational boards within PGIMER to make it a reality soon.”
2256	As for the game feeds themselves, they’re going to be a little different as well, with no fans in many stadiums and only limited numbers of fans in other stadiums.
2257	As for the Globes telecast, although it received mixed reactions, Rooster Teeth general manager praised host Ricky Gervais’ monologue, especially when he poked at Hollywood hypocrisy.
2258	As for the GRP growth rate, four regions showed progress.
2259	As for the hoax comment, the defense actually manages to make him look worse.
2260	As for their earning potential, she believes that individually and as a couple, they will be welcomed in the world of advertising by brands across the world once the lockdown is lifted and normalcy restores, following the coronavirus outbreak.
2261	As for the neighbor himself, he is bald-headed, and his upper body is covered in tattoos, like Queequeg.
2262	As for the non-Sanders recruits actually in the class already, Herman spent his time on Wednesday emphasizing their winning traits.
2263	As for the reactions that greeted the arrival of our baby, it took us by surprise, and like I said in my first press statement, again I would like to thank everyone that celebrated us and most especially, the media, family and friends.
2264	As for the show itself, I worried that Ivo van Hove’s commitment to video elements would overpower the actors on stage.
2265	As for those who are coming up behind him, LeGates said, “My advice for future seniors is to focus on school but to also ensure that you have a good time as well.
2266	As for when the game will launch, Breslau is indicating that Ubisoft has penciled in a July 12 launch, which will be preceded by a rather short closed beta.
2267	As Frank tells Dee when she considers running for office, "A woman in politics is like a donkey doing calculus."
2268	As FromSoftware had hoped, the difficulty helped support a feeling of accomplishment rather than defeat.
2269	As full circle moments would have it, Whitmore landed a role in “Newsies” in productions in Florida and North Carolina.
2270	A shapeshifting clown from another dimension is scary enough, but the real-life influences that created him are even more disturbing and add an unnerving depth to the familiar horror icon Pennywise.
2271	As has been reported by the by Financial Express Online earlier, these two aircraft carriers are designed to carry the Russian MiG-29 Ks.
2272	"As has been reported many times, DC offered me whatever film I wanted to do, including some sort of Superman movie (not specifically as I've seen reported)," Gunn explained to a fan.
2273	As has been widely noted, video game sales are soaring with a major assist from shelter-at-home policies forced by the coronavirus pandemic.
2274	As healthcare continues moving to meet people where they are, Truvian will focus on both retailers and corporate on-site and near-site clinics to enable more convenient testing for today’s connected consumers.
2275	As he and his family took shelter in their home, Baird warned Stafford: "If you break through this fence, I will have to shoot you."
2276	As he cuts back and forth between chapters of Ewan’s book and what is happening to Maggie as she begins the renovation work, it becomes increasingly difficult to tell which one of them is telling the truth about Baneberry Hall.
2277	As he spoke against the backdrop of the Fort Worth Police & Firefighters Memorial in Trinity Park near West 7th Street, the protest organizer thanked the crowd for gathering that evening.
2278	As he waits for the State of the State to begin, Rep. Kent Calfee takes a swig of from his Hershey’s chocolate syrup bottle, as he often does during pic.
2279	As his trials begin, Boulware and his team remain cautiously optimistic about hydroxychloroquine’s potential.
2280	Ashley did the right thing by telling you the guest list for the dinner had grown so you could opt out if you wished.
2281	Ashley wore her blond hair in loosely curled layers, which fell over her forehead from a side part, stopping just past her shoulders.
2282	A shocked Ben then slowly walked toward his ex, before pushing a pile of papers off his desk and onto the floor.
2283	As hopeful and encouraging as these insights and actions may be, they don’t take us very far down the road we are required boldly to go.
2284	A "short list of exemptions" will be allowed and be "kept under regular review".
2285	A short time later a witness said he heard a gunshot, saw Odom flee the scene and the victim lying on the ground in a field.
2286	A short time later, it was David Bailey’s 2-yard scoring run that put the Eagles ahead for good, 14-7.
2287	As hospitals swell with patients, they could be doubled up in rooms or moved to conference rooms or other unused space, grouped among less serious cases.
2288	A show of support for the true spirit of New York.
2289	Ashton said the community decided to come together to try to reach out to others.
2290	Ashton welcomes the tournament onto their recently unveiled international-spec astro turf.
2291	As hyper-handwashing becomes the new normal, brands are being urged to consider the engagement potential of this intimate, Covid-induced touchpoint.
2292	Aside from basketball which was topped by Letran, also part of the first semester calendar are swimming, taekwondo, table tennis and chess.
2293	Aside from Carlsen, the main talking point at Moscow was Alireza Firouzja, who quit his native Iran due to its ban on playing Israelis and will probably represent France, where he now lives.
2294	Aside from recalling some of his favorite memories in the Champions League, Hazard also discussed the passion he developed for playmaking.
2295	Aside from some minor changes, to things like the European Arrest Warrant, the relationship between British citizens and the EU will remain largely frozen as it was before Brexit day.
2296	Aside from Taylor, who rushed for a game-high 124 yards, the Wolfpack was sluggish on offense for the most part.
2297	A side on view showing the garden raised by 20 inches after the work was completed.
2298	As if we didn't know that.
2299	“As I got to the sideline,” he recalled last week, “I realized I could cut up.
2300	As I have said many times, if that were so we would never have been able to elect a black man as our leader.
2301	As I look ahead, I am excited about applying my experiences here in the next chapter of my professional life.”
2302	A similar reaction to the exhaustion of funding was expressed by Orson Aguilar, director of economic policy for UnidosUS (formerly LaRaza) that champions rights for Latinos.
2303	A similar trend was seen statewide, but on a smaller scale.
2304	A simple, centralized process for shutting down desktop environments or spinning up new ones as employees come and go.
2305	A simple soup, which uses cellophane or mung bean noodles, which are readily available in any Asian markets and increasingly in large supermarkets with ethnic food sections, as is the bottled fish sauce and chile-garlic sauce.
2306	As I’m sure is true for most residents, we are eager to learn more details as to how this large piece of equipment was relocated to Hamilton with no one being any the wiser.”
2307	"As individuals diagnosed with TB will rapidly become non-infectious once treatment starts, the cases are not an ongoing public health risk," MOH added.
2308	A single powerful committee, with well-known names on it, people whose performance and positioning can be understood, argued over and challenged by ordinary party members.
2309	A single snow bunting rests before joining the flying flock.
2310	A single tampon from the Playtex Sport Compact line.
2311	As in this first book, he is able to pep things up a bit with excursions into such subjects as “queer bashing”.
2312	As I said before, Jamie Lee Curtis has the chops to pull off a comedic character, especially one with a dark edge, and that is exactly what would beg to see in the woman who brought the Merc with a Mouth into this world.
2313	As I said, this is a great sign of growth in Mick Cronin’s first year.
2314	As I said to the Assembly a few minutes ago, I made a point that we are going to create our own Africa personality and identity.
2315	As I sit incarcerated in Mendocino County Jail, I sometimes dwell on my dreams, and what stands out to me is that whenever I dream about my home in the hills on the Round Valley Indian Reservation, I keep getting closer and closer each time.
2316	As is often the case, a majority of the challenges for this week are very straightforward, and a player that simply follows the instructions as written and looks to their should have little trouble completing them.
2317	As it does every year, Apple is enhancing the iPhone’s camera systems.
2318	As it stands, about 230 residents of Neskantaga are staying in Thunder Bay, Ont. -- roughly 430 kilometres from home.
2319	As it stands, this story remains senseless!
2320	”As I typed the announcement of Kyari’s death, I remembered that day in August 2015, when I’d been directed to announce his appointment as Chief of Staff.
2321	As I've mentioned before there's a useful way of thinking about the macroeconomy at present which is that we've two different and overlapping recessions happening.
2322	As I've said in other threads on this, I'm old enough to remember a time before disposable diapers and wipes.
2323	As I walked past the restaurant, there was a guy at a table alone and I thought “I bet that’s him!”
2324	As I write this on Saturday morning, there’s a 99 percent chance that the lead story on Sunday morning will be the leader of the free world being hospitalized with COVID.
2325	As John Mulaney so lovingly put it, “You want it?
2326	As Jones was fond of remarking, ‘If you wish to insult the Muse, forget.’
2327	Asked about a report that President Donald Trump wanted Crozier fired, Esper replied, "This was the secretary's call.
2328	Asked about raising funds, a senior official said that various options were discussed in the meeting but the need of the hour was for setting up an office.
2329	Asked about suggestions Messi plans to leave Barcelona, coach Quique Setien said on Saturday: “I won’t speculate about this because I haven’t heard from him so I’m not aware of him saying anything.
2330	Asked as to what next, he said: “Rahul Gandhi should call 200 important party workers and leaders from Bihar and honestly discuss the murky affairs for two days.
2331	Asked by colleague Dana Perino whether impeachment would be talked about during the speech, Baier said, “I think it’s going to be a slight mention but not a big mention.”
2332	Asked by EURACTIV, several US officials denied there are any considerations yet where the troops could effectively be relocated to.
2333	Asked by one small girl if it would still be possible to visit grandparents over Christmas, Fauci said: “You still need to be careful and wear a mask.
2334	Asked by presenter Anvar Samost why some people are more likely to be severely affected by the virus than others, Lutsar said scientists around the world have not yet found an answer.
2335	Asked if HCL Technologies has also taken steps to bring back employees stranded in the US, Vijayakumar said the company has undertaken similar steps but declined to give out numbers.
2336	Asked if he condemns the publication of cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad, Trudeau responded “No.”
2337	Asked if he’s still motivated by the fact that he went unsigned for so long, Newton did not mince words.
2338	Asked if Pompeo will face some awkward moments during the trip due to the blocked transition, Katulis said it will not be a victory lap for him.
2339	Asked when Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga might send a congratulatory message to the contest’s winner, Kato refused to answer.
2340	Asked whether he had any demand over the occupancy level, he said, “We don’t know the government norms.
2341	A skeleton believed to be a murder victim from the Iron Age has been discovered by archaeologists working on the HS2 project in Buckinghamshire.
2342	A skeleton is given for viewers as they attempt to find something meaty onscreen when it comes to Alice and Jasper, Rosalie and Emmett, and Carlisle and Esme.
2343	Ask for advice from trusted friends - Aquarians and Virgos are your best bet - but ultimately, trust your intuition.
2344	A skin condition with a ‘rippled’ or ‘cottage cheese’ appearance, cellulite affects many people, a large number of which are women.
2345	As Klobuchar’s daughter, Abigail Bessler, and other surrogates made their way through Iowa on Thursday, Klobuchar said she wouldn’t give up on trying to get witnesses in the impeachment trial.
2346	Ask Sam: Do Mosquitoes Sleep?
2347	Asks him if he has insurance, and speeds off.
2348	Ask the government.
2349	Ask yourself if the reader will understand your sentences without reading sentences more than once or twice.
2350	Ask yourself whether or not each of these expenses actually contributed to the value and sustainable joy of your life.
2351	As Laura explains in "The Internet in Everything," cyber policy is now entangled with everything, including health, the environment and consumer safety.
2352	As local as anyone can get to Manchester United, the young Englishman took his chance when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer awarded him with his first starting appearance in the Premier League at home to Brighton & Hove Albion back in November.
2353	As long as it is legal, moral and ethical, creative thinking to solve a problem is encouraged.
2354	As long as no effective vaccine has been widely distributed more funding for ventilation will be needed, said Stefan Moritz, who headed the experiment.
2355	As long as the bourbon is good, of course.
2356	As long as they have a built-in microphone, which the vast majority do, you can make calls with your wireless headphones.
2357	A slow start for sales of its made-in-China cars would put more pressure on the unprofitable manufacturer’s finances, giving Musk little room for missteps to support a stock that’s hovering at an all-time high.
2358	As Lyon grew up, though, music stayed in his life.
2359	As Mainers we have a deep desire to preserve our traditions, heritage, and everything we love about our home.
2360	A small Clackton girl from a reality TV show is now having footballers DM her.
2361	A small number were not repatriated because they had already been diagnosed with coronavirus and were receiving treatment.
2362	A small series was published during 2010 and 2011 which ultimately makes up one hundred and forty-four pages of goodness.
2363	As many as 390 farmers of Haryana and Punjab have benefitted from the last two days of procurement, the agriculture ministry said in a release.
2364	As many can tell, Bespin is one of the most beautiful destinations in the Star Wars universe, making it a popular tourist attraction for visitors.
2365	As many South African users already have Huawei accounts, this should not be a jarring migration for consumers, and it will be aided by comprehensive support and transparency from Huawei, Zhao said.
2366	As Michael King reports, the entire ordeal was caught on a security camera.
2367	As more and more sustainability-oriented consumers eschew meat because of concerns that livestock is responsible for a large proportion of global greenhouse gas emissions, vegetarianism has seen a rise.
2368	“As more information became available, our emergency preparedness and communicable disease staff implemented our preparedness plan to ensure all systems were in place to respond to the pandemic,” the NCHD release states.
2369	“As much as I could mentally be in game mode, your body’s not ready for it if you don’t get a full offseason of training and if you don’t get to play a long training camp with like seven exhibition games,” Los Angeles Kings defenseman Drew Doughty said.
2370	As much as the experience helped him, he wishes he would have gone straight to college.
2371	As much of New York City was consumed by the presidential election, a campaign for another critical race was already underway.
2372	As no flights were operating in and out of Jordan, the option of returning to India was out of the question.
2373	As noted, there is a hell of a lot of information missing from this story.
2374	A sobering campaign in a season of sobering campaigns made its pitch for the nation’s shot-scattered attention in July when protesters marched against “economic brutality.”
2375	A so-called party outbreak has affected seventeen individuals.
2376	As of 10:15 p.m. Friday, all vehicles trapped in snow had left the expressway, according to East Nippon Expressway Co.
2377	As of 10:27 p.m. EST, the stock was up about 8.5% to $934.
2378	As of 10 p.m., several hundred protestors were still there.
2379	“As of 2015, the Nebraska Department of Environmental Quality has estimated that it takes 530 pounds of fossil fuel, 48 pounds of chemicals, and 1.5 tons of water to manufacture one computer and monitor.”
2380	As of 2017, 28% of the population lived below the poverty line.
2381	As of 2019, for federal purposes, you can deduct unreimbursed medical expenses that exceed 7.5% of your adjusted gross income.
2382	As of 21 October, a total of 8,506 million tonnes of grain was harvested in the country, with the average yield of 37.7 centners per hectare (33.7 centners per hectare in 2019).
2383	As of 2pm on Sunday, 249 coronavirus patients were in hospital, 31 of whom were in intensive care.
2384	As of Aug. 5, New York City will have checkpoints at its major bridge and tunnel crossings, with officers from city’s Sheriff’s Office stopping a random sampling of vehicles to inform those entering the city about state quarantine rules.
2385	As of July 10, Department of Health-Davao recorded 29 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total to 718 cases with 34 deaths and 433 recoveries.
2386	As of last week over 1,500 healthcare workers have already been infected in Massachusetts alone.
2387	As of Monday, 25,053 dengue cases have been reported since the beginning of the year.
2388	As of Monday afternoon, there have been more than 1.3million confirmed cases of COVID-19 nationwide and more than 80,000 deaths.
2389	As of Monday, Bard had faced 23 batters out of the bullpen for the Colorado Rockies and walked none of them.
2390	As of Monday, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention website was reporting that 57 Americans have now tested positive for coronavirus, a jump from the 35 reported last week.
2391	As of Monday, U.S. beef and pork processing capacity was down 40% from last year, according to Jayson Lusk, head of the department of agricultural economics at Purdue University.
2392	As of now, Cambodia has not recorded any case of community transmission and never reached a stage requiring a partial or complete lockdown of the country.
2393	As of now, it appears that Mariota will be playing the next few weeks for the Raiders considering Carr’s groin injury has been deemed “significant” by coach Jon Gruden.
2394	As of now, the greatest chances for rain look to be Tuesday and Wednesday, as it looks like another frontal boundary will stall somewhere close to the region.
2395	As of now, there are only feeble attempts to provide work.
2396	As of now, there has been zero indication that Baby Jabba will ever appear in either property, so his introduction into the galaxy far, far away is purely hypothetical.
2397	As of now, we have identified office space and renovation work is going on there.
2398	“As of now, we wish to be extremely clear on the fact that there is no reason to close the borders between our countries, which would be disproportionate and inefficient,” he told reporters in Rome.
2399	As of October 30, 2020, the data cutoff date for the presentation, 16 patients were enrolled and treated at escalating dose levels of IGM-2323.
2400	As of press time, Brady was getting acquainted with his new teammates in Tampa Bay, who nervously wondered who would inform Brady that they were probably going to go 8–8.
2401	As of press time, Nevada had seen 63 cases of COVID-19 and one death.
2402	As of season 7, she has overcome incredible odds to achieve her goals, each with uncomfortably inflexible deadlines.
2403	As of Sunday, Jakarta had logged 54,220 cases of infection and 1,391 deaths.
2404	As of the 2021 season, the Racing Point F1 team will become the Aston Martin F1 works team.
2405	As of the writing of this article, President Trump has also refused to commit to a peaceful transfer of power in the event that he loses this election.
2406	As of this morning, Biden has 227 electoral votes and Trump 213, as both edge closer to the 270 needed for victory.
2407	As of this week, the novel coronavirus outbreak that started there has killed more than 2,130 and infected more than 75,000 people worldwide, mostly in China.
2408	As of Thursday evening, there are 54 cases in New Hanover County.
2409	As of Thursday morning, more than 1.7 million people have become infected with Covid-19 in the U.S., the global epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic, and 100,467 Americans have died from the disease, a Johns Hopkins University tracker.
2410	As of today 180 ongoing enterprises take a keen interest in elaborating and development of investment projects.
2411	As of today, Santa Clara County has had 459 confirmed cases, and 17 deaths.
2412	As of Wednesday morning, Montana has confirmed 7,691 positive COVID-19 cases.
2413	As of Wednesday, the number of patients who have died in UK hospitals reached 2,352 - the biggest daily rise since the outbreak began.
2414	As of Wednesday there have been no public health complaints related to coronavirus lodged with the Lethbridge Police Service, Woods confirms.
2415	As one might expect, the power consumption is enormous for these facilities, at least when compared to more “traditional” office-like real estate, while security is also a key component of the cost picture.
2416	As one of the association’s founders points out, the benefits are myriad and mutual.
2417	As on February 14, 2020, the five debt schemes have exposures to the tune of ₹186 crore in the debt securities of Vodafone Idea.
2418	As onlookers stared, the Okada mob-beat the driver of the car mercilessly and damaged his vehicle.
2419	As other B&B news emerges, don’t forget to stop by for updates.
2420	A source said: “Megan really likes Harry and has been getting to know him and spending more time with him.
2421	A source told the newspaper: "The guy that came forward after the 2013 TV appeal provided really valuable information.
2422	A source who craved anonymity said: “The boy was a pupil of Area Community High School Owode.
2423	As our second most important aviation gateway city after Bangkok, Phuket is the perfect venue to launch this new era.”
2424	A South Island-born businessman wants to bring Tesla to Tiwai.
2425	A Soviet aircraft violated Pakistan’s air space, according to Radio Pakistan.
2426	A SPAC typically uses proceeds from its initial public offering, together with borrowed funds, to acquire companies that are usually privately held.
2427	As Pakistan is grappling with an acute economic crisis, experts say that CPEC has the potential to stimulate much-needed economic activity in the country.
2428	As part of all these operations against the group, police occupied digital materials, in which all the plans were stored.
2429	As part of a new relief initiative, the governor announced $5 million to help socially or economically disadvantaged tech-based businesses in the state’s rural counties.
2430	As part of Jolley’s seven bail conditions, the academic will be unable to mail anything except through her legal representatives and must not enter UTS premises or contact the university’s staff.
2431	As part of our continuous efforts to enhance trade and investment, the primary objective is to take the Canada story and the economic brand to the interior parts of India,” said Nadira Hamid, chief executive officer, Indo-Canadian Business Chamber.
2432	As part of our safety focus, Minister of Community Safety, Albert Fritz, is hosting a school holiday programme, with a focus on safety, for grades 5, 6 and 7 learners.
2433	As part of the CHEOS program that stands for the China High-resolution Earth Observation System, the Gaofen consists of aperture radar, and multi-spectrum imaging satellites.
2434	As part of the constitutional procedures he transferred power to his successor Kassym-Jomart Tokayev, who later in the national presidential elections gained the trust of the Kazakh people and now heads the republic.
2435	As part of the effort to address the COVID-19 pandemic and as a display of New Delhi’s commitment to the neighbourhood, the Indian delegation presented a symbolic gift of 3,000 vials of Remdesivir to State Counsellor Suu Kyi.
2436	As part of the March 26 agreement between MLB and the players’ association, teams are permitted to sign an unlimited number of undrafted players.
2437	As part of the plan, the YMCA is suspending their usual after school and day camp program until schools re-open.
2438	As part of the study 2,370 adult female volunteers were shown a selection of computer simulated men’s faces in sets of two – with one face with more or less of the ‘Dark Triad’ features than the other.
2439	As passenger demand has neared zero due to the COVID-19 crisis, airlines are parking hundreds of jets, accelerating aircraft retirement plans and deferring jet deliveries as the industry braces for a slow recovery.
2440	A special election runoff to become Lewis' short-term replacement takes place next month, but the winner of that race will only be in Congress until Williams is sworn in on Jan.
2441	As people begin to self-isolate to help limit the spread of COVID-19, a Newfoundland songwriter is offering up his tips as a veteran of self-isolation.
2442	As per a report in the financial daily, Mint, in November the indices have jumped more than 11 percent.
2443	As per a report published in the Economic Times, the whole scenario started with officers of the defence ministry's finance wing passing on a query to the finance ministry.
2444	As per order of the State government all of them will have to undergo quarantine for 14 days for COVID-19 threat.
2445	As per recent trends, Veena and Pashanam Shaji are now on the verge of elimination, but audiences believe that Asianet will not take this decision to meet their vested interests.
2446	As per records, have died in so-called encounters in the state since the Bharatiya Janata Party won the state election in 2017.
2447	As per several LaLiga clubs, the club has Royal patronage hence the prominent crown.
2448	As per the makers, the film “presents a contemporary and relatable portrayal of two stories set in different times that interact to learn or perhaps unlearn from each other the different facets of love, commitment and relationships.”
2449	As per the Motor Vehicles Rules, a motorist will have to pay a fine of₹100 for the first offence of stop line violation and up to ₹300 for subsequent offences, police officers said.
2450	As per the report, Lodhi further said that precautionary measures had been made necessary to protect working staff as well as the buying consumers from the deadly virus.
2451	As per the report, the first half of 2020 registered 47% decline on the traditional medium.
2452	As photos and videos of them go viral, people have been showering love on them online.
2453	A spinning layup by Cagle followed by a steal and basket from Jaden Kay made it 53-17 with three minutes to play in the third and Cayden Graham kept the run going with a three-pointer of his own.
2454	Aspiring entrepreneurs and established business owners are encouraged to apply.
2455	As played by Foxx, Electro is a key part of The Amazing Spider-Man 2, Andrew Garfield's last movie as the title hero.
2456	A spokesman alleged Floyd got out of the car before 'physically resisting officers'.
2457	A spokesman for Attorney General Eric Schmitt said the GOP official is reviewing the case and considering next steps.
2458	A spokesman for Durham police said that two people with an "emotional connection" to the former pit village had wanted to give something back, after receiving "unexpected windfalls".
2459	A spokesman for Kraft Heinz declined to comment.
2460	A spokesman for the US Department of Justice said in a statement on the ruling that “the United States thanks the Government of Canada for its continued assistance pursuant to the U.S./Canada Extradition Treaty in this ongoing matter.”
2461	A spokesman said the senator had no knowledge of the grant either being applied for or awarded.
2462	A spokesperson for the City Attorney’s Office said the office would review the lawsuit, but had no further comment.
2463	A spokesperson for the state Department of Health did not immediately return Fox News’ request for additional comment on Friday.
2464	A spokeswoman for the RCMP said one of the men was rescued on Saturday afternoon while the 24-year-old passenger sank beneath the surface and has not been located.
2465	“As President Trump said today, Iran must provide a complete accounting of what occurred with Bob Levinson before the United States can fully accept what happened in this case,“ O’Brien said.
2466	As renewed scrutiny grows around the death of 15-year-old Wally Rich, Newfoundland and Labrador's child and youth advocate says the situation is a tragedy, and her office's ability to investigate is held up in bureaucratic limbo.
2467	As reported in an earlier Wyo4News story, if passed, Wyoming would experience a later sunset during the state’s cold winter months.
2468	As reported, the EU Foreign Policy Chief Josep Borrell is also to deliver a speech to the virtual event on July 14.
2469	As report highlighted, Triple H confirmed that Dream was gone as he was recovering from an injury.
2470	As Ria Novosti reported, Kabulov said Russia does not reject the possibility of holding talks about the issue with Iran, noting that Russia has fully committed to the imposed arms embargo on Iran but is to expire in October.
2471	As right-wingers, we stand for a strong civil society, honest and transparent public administration, independent institutions and freedom of speech remaining self-explanatory and held in esteem in Estonia.
2472	Assam Government said in a Gazette notification, "Value Added Tax in Assam for diesel will be 23.66 paise in the rupee or Rs 17.45 per litre, whichever is higher.
2473	Assam is home to dozens of tribes.
2474	Assange attended four weeks of an extradition hearing at London's Central Criminal Court in September and October.
2475	Assayas is also known for directing Clouds of Sils Maria.
2476	As schools reopen, many parents still can’t find one nearby, impeding the fight against the pandemic.
2477	As seawater flooded the boat, Ian rushed back to try and save Dennis but as another impact caused him to drop the keys, he contemplated leaving a panicking Dennis to his fate.
2478	As seen in recent days, there has been a consistent increase in cases of the disease and deaths caused by the disease.
2479	Assembly Speaker Craig Coughlin, who decides which bills advance through the lower house, “hasn’t formed an opinion yet,” his spokesperson, Kevin McArdle, said.
2480	As Senior Vice President, Tim Cahill leads Lockheed Martin’s development and execution of international business strategy across 70 countries.
2481	Assessing a child’s well-being through a computer screen is challenging, he said.
2482	As sexual superpowers go, BROKE, it's a pretty decent one to have.
2483	As she moved the motion, Senator Wong said the neglect of older Australians had to stop.
2484	As should be no surprise, there is quite a bit.
2485	Assistant Jason Demetriou would likely step up in his place, just two years after Brisbane knocked Bennett’s succession plan that would have seen Demetriou eventually replace him in Brisbane.
2486	As social media can be pressuring for this change of lifestyle, we must take it step by step.
2487	As sociologists in the occupied lands assert, chances for the regime to survive the ongoing conditions are not high and it may collapse within one or two decades.
2488	As someone who has been daily following and documenting the phenomenon of Muslim persecution of Christians for over a decade, I can say that Trump’s description of and apparent abhorrence for the plight of Christians in the Middle East is very accurate.
2489	As someone who is trying to get some random testing off the ground in various populations, I can attest to the many, many challenges of doing so.
2490	“As someone who searches for solace in all this grief,” he said, “the leveling off in lives lost is a somewhat hopeful sign.”
2491	As so often with the breaches, the crime itself - popping out for dinner - is hardly heinous in isolation.
2492	“As soon as he said that, he walked out of the Church, and was followed by his best man and his friends who drove out of the Church premises.”
2493	“As soon as I came over and saw the place, I’d saw the vision, and I saw it filled up with people who need the assistance of Brunswick Christian,” Torbich said.
2494	As soon as on the web on-line casinos have come forth, a bunch of these individuals currently have quoted bingo so that they are at your disposal on websites.
2495	As soon as the final buzzer sounded, Mike disappeared.
2496	"As soon as the parrots were tested alternatingly with their neighbor, they very rapidly learned to choose the token that benefited both birds."
2497	As soon as we hung up, I ended up calling her right back and telling her she was in the film.
2498	As soon as we were able, the General Assembly convened a special session to do just that.
2499	As soon as you find evidence of staging, and there are lots and lots of examples of this, then you know that it’s the husband that’s done it, or the wife.
2500	As spectacular as those numbers were, e-commerce’s biggest sale of the year was clouded by concerns over regulatory risk.
2501	As stock prices get cheaper, build equity exposure via SIPs.
2502	As such, an animated project would make sense.
2503	As such, he’s not taking Boston’s 2020 struggles lightly.
2504	As such, now is the time for business leaders, planners, community groups and government officials to sit down and develop strategies that reimagine our city centres as we fully expect that office workers’ footfall to be permanently altered.
2505	As such, NWS has issued a winter storm watch for the following counties: Clark, Fremont, Teton, eastern Madison, eastern Bonneville, Caribou, Bear Lake and Franklin.
2506	As such, plenty of scenes and alternate version of the story were left by the wayside on their long journey to theaters.
2507	As such, required minimum distributions are suspended for IRAs and defined contribution plans (including beneficiary plans) for 2020.
2508	As such, the state has seen more than 450,000 people file for unemployment benefits.
2509	As such, VLPs are considerably safer than conventional attenuated or inactivated vaccines.
2510	Assumes facts not in evidence.
2511	Assuming Francis can ensure the next couple of Popes aren't evil technophobes.
2512	Assuming that we accept this report as reflecting government’s sincere intentions, we must admit at the very least that there are several issues that would stand in the way of a credible implementation.
2513	Assuming the world average 4.4% mortality rate (WHO figure for March 3) for this virus, that's 4.4 million deaths in Japan alone.
2514	As supervillains became more complex characters over time, they have become paramount in popular culture.
2515	A stake sale will raise capital for PSG Group, but how and where would it deploy this?
2516	A stand-by team has been formed from other officers should members of a frontline team have to be quarantined.
2517	AS Tanzanians go to the polls on October 28, 2020 the Police Force has assured the public of safety and security during the voting, counting and announcing of results and called upon all eligible voters to show up in large numbers without fear.
2518	A stark example of this is Johns Hopkins University announcing its intention to create an armed private police force.
2519	A state department spokesperson “Iran and its proxies” of carrying out the attack.
2520	A statement by Mrs Mary Berje, Chief Press Secretary to Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger, said that the governor gave the directive during a meeting with the state Taskforce Committee on COVID-19 in Minna.
2521	A statement by Tambuwal’s spokesman, Muhammad Bello, quoted the governor as directing principals of the affected schools to comply with the directive.
2522	A statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, DCP Frank Mba on Monday said the IGP gave the order today while reviewing daily reports of major crime incidents across the country.
2523	A statement from Smith said the arrests were a 'bold move' and that ReOpen NC had worked peacefully with the Raleigh Police Department and Capitol Police prior to her arrest.
2524	A statement on the Common App website said the move is a step toward creating a more equitable admissions process and a more just economy.
2525	A statement released by his office at the time described the operation as a success.
2526	A state senator said the Wisconsin Elections Commission told him that the U.S. Postal Service discovered three bins of absentee ballots destined for Oshkosh and Appleton voters that weren’t delivered.
2527	As technology has changed, so have the needs of the police department.
2528	As temperatures increase and vaporize ice, the destabilized ice blocks break loose and kick up dust.
2529	As the 2020 college football season enters week 10, normality appears just a relic of 2019.
2530	'As the Armed Forces puts modernisation at the heart of its future strategy, these systems will protect vital shipping lanes, commercial traffic and our brave personnel from these deadly devices.
2531	As the church grew, Lois grew as well by supporting the ministry in a variety of ways.
2532	As the city grapples with policing, racial injustice looms over the conversation.
2533	As the coronavirus continues to ravage vast swathes of the country, the outgoing president called on his legion of loyal fans to descend on the capital and join the demonstration.
2534	As the coronavirus pandemic ravages the globe, neighbors are increasingly tattling on neighbors or local businesses violating social distancing rules.
2535	As the COVID-19 pandemic became more serious, however, 2020 Free Comic Book Day was postponed from May to a later summer date.
2536	As the COVID-19 pandemic rages on, Jordan said “knock on wood and pray hard that we have an uninterrupted season.”
2537	As the curriculum coordinator, how have you approached hybrid and/or remote learning under COVID-19?
2538	As The D.C. Brief continues its tour of the battleground states this week, today we stop in Wisconsin, long considered part of Democrats’ so-called Blue Wall that would be a last-stand of sorts against Republican wins.
2539	As the elder Miller, players began calling him Pops — 12 years later, hardly anyone in Pembroke calls him anything else.
2540	As the Federal Reserve and U.S. government at large continue to consider all options aimed at stimulating the economy, the Fed this week decided to keep its federal funds target range at between 0% and 0.25%.
2541	As the highest withdrawal so far during this peak season was at 201 bcf, stocks will begin to rise from a significantly higher level in 2020 compared to 2019.
2542	As the Indian government is busy battling coronavirus outbreak, a number of citizens and organizations are also not behind in extending their support to the needy people who are worst affected by this pandemic.
2543	As the issues caused by the pandemic continue to stack up, it is critical we keep these three on the forefront for action as we push toward our economic recovery.
2544	As the meeting continued, councilors discussed cleaning a local river, as he showered in the corner of their screens.
2545	As the momentum of the match shifted, a Dylan Edwards error on a kick return ultimately led to a Tommy Talau try out wide, the Tigers taking a 10-6 lead.
2546	As the number of cases has increased, so has the pace of testing.
2547	As the number of recovered patients expand, the burden will begin to shift down the medical practice chain, Biehl said.
2548	As the numbers come in, it's tough to take anything away because the virus threatens to upend everything.
2549	“As the only public women’s foundation in the state, The Women’s Fund is committed to contributing valuable data, specifically on women, woefully absent at decision-making tables from the board rooms to the State House.
2550	As the pandemic continued, communication became even more important as state and national requirements shifted.
2551	As the Premier once said the project is intended to make Addis Ababa live up to its name, i.e all the undertakings that are in progress should gear towards helping capital's name bespeak its function.
2552	As the previous episode of the season came to an end, Shinra was trying his best to figure out how to damage Charon and get through his tough skin.
2553	As the propaganda increases, and the planned increasing death numbers are announced on a constant basis, the public will acquiesce to each and every new perceived and fabricated threat.
2554	“As the province looks at their overall framework for implementing those restrictions, it’ll be helpful to hear their perspective on whether that is something needed here.”
2555	As the region’s biggest economy and a secular republic, it has a direct interest in ensuring that Afghanistan becomes stable.
2556	As the response to the coronavirus pandemic has required people to shelter in place and closed gyms, you’ve no doubt had to get creative to keep up as much of your daily routines as possible.
2557	“As there was heavy rush in the facility, the patient managed to dodge the caretakers and fled.
2558	As the room made a loud audible reaction, he continued: "Shut up.
2559	As the school buildings were being used as quarantine centres, the government instructed the concern officials to sanitise the vacated building and use it as a distribution centre of food security allowance.
2560	As the season progresses, we meet Zach Galifianakis’ Gratitoad, who is there to help our crew cope with their anxiety and not let it completely own them.
2561	As the stress mounts, and the threat of an outbreak or lockdown intensifies, many say they’re worried about violence erupting.
2562	As the tide is turning against Big Tech, we should opt for ambitious interventions to put platforms on a more equitable and democratic path.
2563	As the time quickly approaches for its Disney+ debut, the House of Mouse has debuted a new featurette for the live-action that highlights director Niki Caro’s search for the right star to portray the titular hero.
2564	As the tough times hit, it's curbing costs - cutting the size of the bonus pool and keeping the 2020 dividend under review.
2565	As the usual date for school opening approaches, and with updated guidelines from the Texas Education Agency, or TEA, in hand, districts across Texasfinalizing their plans.
2566	As the world finds itself challenged by the deadly coronavirus and the impending slowdown, developing countries like India seem to face another problem.
2567	As the world is struggling to come to terms with the COVID-19 crisis, the Bangladesh government has taken measures to establish isolation and treatment facilities in Cox’s Bazar district, an area where Rohingya refugees have been hosted.
2568	As the year is drawing to a close and we adjust to the slower pace of lockdown 2.0, I have been using this as an opportunity to reflect on the ebbs and flows of political, social, economic and health crises that have occurred.
2569	As they ran away, they created entire villages in the caves and used the mountain’s resources to survive.
2570	As they say, teamwork makes the dream work.
2571	As they say that Teamwork is vital for an organization to function consistently and deliver predictably- and a well trained and well networked team is an asset for any organization.
2572	As this is also your sector associated with goals and dreams it’s a good time to check your aspiration inventory.
2573	'As time has gone on, their incompetence has become more and more obvious.
2574	A story about humanity having to get used to a new ever-present threat should only feel all the more timely in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic and the ways it's already affected life on earth.
2575	"As to the future of the coal industry, we should all hope that thermal coal is going to go out of business, not just in Australia but around the world.
2576	Astra did not disclose if Rocket 3.2 would carry any payload.
2577	A straightforward “anti-waste” chapter includes recipes for plantain skins, jackfruit seeds, ridge-gourd peels and lime leaves, which often end up in the compost heap.
2578	AstraZeneca said on Monday that study participants in the UK had been given two different courses of the vaccine.
2579	A strong distribution network also enables Bioseed to provide quality seeds to farmers across South and South East Asia.
2580	A study published in the New England Journal of Medicine earlier this month speculated that „children might be less likely to become infected or, if infected, may show milder symptoms“ than adults.
2581	A stumble in China could hobble jobs and growth elsewhere.
2582	A substantial sandwich dipped in spiced-up carrot soup makes for a comforting meal.
2583	A successful global trial from any of the three leading candidates will prove efficacy as per the discussed criteria.
2584	As universities welcome students back and classes begin, many have reported total COVID-19 case numbers.
2585	A suo motto case has been registered at Sapermeina police station in connection with the incident.
2586	A Supplementary charge sheet in continuation of the earlier charge sheet has now been filed in Saket Court,” he said.
2587	A Supreme Court decision Friday overruled a lower court's order to pause implementation in Illinois.
2588	A surge in infection rates among Balkan neighbours has prompted Greek authorities to increase monitoring and other preventative measures at land frontiers with Bulgaria and Albania as well as re-enforcing a ban on tourists from Serbia.
2589	A survey by VeiligheidNL showed that half of concert- and festival attendees never wear hearing protection, according to Nieuwsuur.
2590	As was the case with wartime goods such as rubber and tanks, private companies with federal contracts made penicillin.
2591	As we all know, the trend of watches is increasing at a considerable pace.
2592	As we embark upon Black History Month, the racing pioneer joins SiriusXM’s Auto Trends with JeffCars.com for a wide-ranging, must-hear two-part conversation.
2593	As we endure this pandemic, let us do our very best to make the world a better place and to lean into a deeper relationship with our loved ones and a God who is always present, loving and merciful!
2594	As we face this unprecedented pandemic, we have a new set of heroes.
2595	As we get into election season this is a recipe for trouble if they don’t roll back the rhetoric and stop threatening civil society.”
2596	As we head toward the end of what, I think most people will agree, has been a crazy year, I think it’s important to reflect on the lessons we have garnered from it.
2597	As well as an environmental impact.
2598	As well as crowd-control, the police would also have to deal with more incidents – such as accidents and shoplifting – resulting in long hours of overtime.
2599	As well as life inside their home, the drawings show her neighbours clapping for the NHS and people social-distancing at supermarkets.
2600	As well, sick people may touch packages and mail that are delivered to your doorstep, as well as expected things like car steering wheels, handrails, and doorknobs.
2601	“As we move closer to a Covid-19 vaccine, we must keep driving forward clinical trials for new and alternative treatments that protect our vulnerable, particularly those who cannot receive a vaccine.
2602	As we scramble to fix this problem this is starting to happen.
2603	As we speak, we have informed Centre for Disease Control, National Primary Healthcare Development Agency which usually collaborate with us, and that is why they have sent teams to support us.
2604	As we toured the mining camps, I saw many others working tirelessly on the dredges; including young girls who were cooks and a few who were prostitutes.
2605	As we’ve been told a million times, 今年は特別な年です (kotoshi wa tokubetsuna toshi desu, this year is a special one) and companies across the board have canceled all 忘年会.
2606	“As we’ve learned from states in which we operate legal sports betting, interest in wagering stretches beyond sports,” said Kip Levin, interim CEO of FOX Bet.
2607	'As we wait for a vaccine, it is vital that we all work together to stem the spread of coronavirus via lifestyle changes and more rigorous self-isolating with symptoms or positive tests.'
2608	As white Americans, they’re unlikely to encounter the same kind of police brutality that black people face when they engage in protest.
2609	As with climate change, Rupert Murdoch put his politics ahead of business interests by pushing coronavirus skepticism.
2610	“As with other sports teams that have come to New Zealand, the West Indies cricket team were given certain exemptions from the managed isolation rules which apply to everyone else,” Director-General of Health Dr. Ashley Bloomfield said.
2611	As wracked & armed as he was in his last days, Dory Dan admittedly & literally lived for his friends.
2612	As you are working on the terrorists, you also work on those affected,” Jack Vince, a journalist resident in Maiduguri, said.
2613	As you can find on the web, the manufacturers claim various health benefits other than weight loss.
2614	“As you can imagine how chaotic it was as two people were injured in the rush of folks exiting the building.
2615	As you can see in your and the notification, you will get two hours only for each paper.
2616	As you can see with the other two these can sometimes run upwards of $25 given the licensing but this funny feline is 50% off right now.
2617	As your representative I will find new markets for agricultural products and I will use my experience in international business to help local farmers sell their products at home and abroad.
2618	At 0700 the firing ceased and 51 scout bombers and 54 torpedo bombers roared toward the beaches to further harass the defenders.
2619	At 10:30 p.m., a tornado warning was in effect in Wisconsin’s Pierce County, and some damage was reported along the Minnesota-Wisconsin border in the Twin Cities.
2620	At 10:59 p.m. Monday, August 24, officers responded to a report of shots fired in the 500 block of Mississippi Street.
2621	At 1:51 p.m. deputies were dispatched to the 500 block of N. Freemont Ave., in Fleming, for a burglary alarm.
2622	At $299, gamers can also get a brand new, next-generation gaming console that is far superior in both processing and graphics power.
2623	At 2 a.m. the time will jump forward to 3 a.m.
2624	At 60 odd points there will be roof-top security.
2625	"At 6.29pm local time in Lagos, two military vehicles were filmed leaving Bonny Camp on videos shared on social media.
2626	At 6am, the sun was already out.
2627	At 86cm in diameter this is a little larger than the other umbrellas in the roundup, but given how light it is this is no problem in terms of portability – our four-year-old tester managed just fine.
2628	At a daily briefing held via text message because of the virus, foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying accused the U.S. of acting against WHO advice and "spreading fear."
2629	At Adelaide, only one player was bowled, and there were no leg befores at all, although Bumrah could claim to have been dismissed without an outfielder being involved – he was caught and bowled by Cummins.
2630	At a hearing in September, Powell told Sullivan that she had discussed Flynn's case with Trump but also said she did not want a pardon - presumably because she wanted him to be vindicated in the courts.
2631	A Taliban vehicle laden with explosives targeted a military base in the Yakhchal area of Grishk District, killing 10 pro-government militia members and one soldier.
2632	A tall, shaven-headed 34-year-old with a creepy, impassive face like something out of El Greco, Pavlensky claimed that he published the material in order to expose Griveaux’s hypocrisy.
2633	At a micro level, think of all the ways these tight-loose tensions play out in households.
2634	At any one time in the UK, these high-priority operations are run against the targets whom MI5 and counter-terrorism police assess as being the most 'high threat' to the public.
2635	At a press conference about his condition he only half-wore a mask, pulling it down to show he’s fine and what-you-call-this-a-plague?
2636	At a press conference afterwards, Morrison was repeatedly asked about his government’s climate policy.
2637	At a press conference on Saturday, the president said that he was tested for the coronavirus Friday night and that the results would be available in "a day or two days."
2638	At a press conference Sunday morning announcing all K-12 public schools will close from March 18 through March 27, Gov. Tim Walz said the number of positive cases of COVID-19 in Minnesota jumped by 14 since Saturday.
2639	At a private sector meeting held yesterday, one issue that dominated was the rent waiver.
2640	At a rally later that night, he embellished that unfounded claim even more by claiming the plan had been to blow up embassies.
2641	A targeted correction direction has also been issued to Facebook to apply a correction notice on posts with "a picture carrying the same falsehoods", the Office said.
2642	At around 1:17 p.m. on Wednesday, January 8, 2020, the Benton County Sheriff's Office and other emergency responders were sent to a report of an employee trapped in a rock bin at Wendling Quarries, located just southeast of Garrison.
2643	At around 80 °C, a magnet will lose its magnetism and it will become demagnetized permanently if exposed to this temperature for a period, or if heated above their Curie temperature.
2644	At around 9.30pm, gardaí received a call that there was an unconscious woman on Railway Street.
2645	At best, he might be able to calculate where they were every two minutes over a 30-meter area.
2646	At both stores, sales growth in the third quarter was broadly in line with the the first half of the financial year, supported by strong growth in online sales, but has deteriorated in recent weeks.
2647	At CBE, 69 new cases of COVID-19 have been reported at schools over the past two weeks, with 10 schools seeing outbreaks of two or more cases.
2648	At CES 2020, Japanese robotics startup Groove X has shown a retail version of its cuddlebot, named Lovot.
2649	Atchariya added that the gang has been active in Bangbo district of Samut Prakarn and Bangpakong district of Chachoengsao province, where they used the resort on Sukhumvit Road as their base.
2650	A team of forest ministry estimated the environmental loss to the tune of 24.20 billion Bangaldeshi takas ($285 million).
2651	A teen victim of an alleged Mexican sex-trafficking ring cried on a Brooklyn witness stand Thursday, telling a federal jury that her captors threatened her life if she didn’t prostitute herself in Queens.
2652	A tent sits outside of the Seton Hall Health Services building in September.
2653	At Fargo’s Oak Park Plaza, Carol Widman is also in the final stages of preparation for the Valentine’s rush.
2654	At first an easy victory seemed possible with Colorado's former Gov. John Hickenlooper knocking off incumbent Republican Sen. Cory Gardner.
2655	At first, Ding said he was worried about whether his donations to other charities would go directly to those who needed it most.
2656	At first glance, it may come off as an untidy mish-mash of elements from 2001: A Space Odysseybut if approached from another angle, the film isn't a rip-off, but a tribute.
2657	At first glance, it was hard to tell whether he was friend or foe.
2658	At first glance, you might see this as an ordinary red wine served in some restaurants.
2659	“At first I enjoyed the break because I needed it and I’m like, it’s fantastic, I’m recharged and ready to go,” he told AFP this week.
2660	At first it appeared to fans and Midge that her and Shy Baldwin would be become great friends while they were on tour together.
2661	At first, it seems like an amalgamation of things Netflix believes audiences like — the supernatural, small-town crime, the star Brie — but it turns into a sober, sickening depiction of a mental breakdown.
2662	At first though, the organisation attracted very little interest, but that all changed after the Cuban communist revolution in the 1950s.
2663	A thermal scanner of passengers passing through a quarantine station at Narita Airport in Narita, Chiba Prefecture, Japan.
2664	A third and final enrollment count will be taken in January, at the beginning of the second semester.
2665	At his campaign headquarters, Trump says 'winning is easy, losing is never easy'
2666	At his news conference, Kenney said he was “obviously concerned” about the growing number of cases and hospitalizations in Alberta but stressed he would not support the reintroduction of widespread restrictions.
2667	At his trial the judge described him as 'worse than a mass murderer,' though all now admit that the myth of White Boy Rick was overblown by those who stood to gain the most from having him put away.
2668	At home in Mount Pleasant things have changed, too.
2669	At-home work assignments for Facilities staff involve participating in online planning meetings, investing time in resources for online learning and preparing for when they will be called in for on-campus work.
2670	A three-point basket from senior opened the second, followed by a layup from junior that once again put the Owls within reach of the lead.
2671	A three-point play by Cory Brown gave Bauxite some life in the final two minutes of the third period.
2672	A thrifty mother-of-two has gone viral with the clever window seat she built at home - costing her just £30.
2673	A Times reporter visited the site where the oil company worker was vaccinated, a clinic near Beijing’s Olympic Park, in late September.
2674	At its core, kugel is a casserole.
2675	At its core, the song is about unity.
2676	At its July meeting this week, the Reserve Bank of Australia refrained from adjusting its monetary policy.
2677	“At its peak, our unemployment rate reached 8.1 percent in April, up from 2.7 percent in February,” Ball said.
2678	At January 20 20, there’ve now already been 7,821 supported examples of this Corona-virus (Source: WHO) — but some number of 12,177 scenarios of this herpes virus have been supposed.
2679	Atkins put all that training together to successfully accomplish the mission before him.
2680	Atlanta Jewish Film Festival has announced a new virtual programs, as well as expanded recommendations for at-home movie watching.
2681	Atlantic Union Bank is expanding its commitments to Virginia Center for Inclusive Communities and Virginia State University with the goal of accelerating efforts to create stronger and more inclusive communities.
2682	At last count, per Hilo Medical Center, a total of 64 residents and 24 employees have tested positive for COVID-19 at the home.
2683	Atl Business Chronicle: WNBA players call for removal of Kelly Loeffler as Atlanta Dream co-owner https://t.
2684	At least 21 people made it safely out of the Little Wildhorse Canyon after an isolated thunderstorm caused flash flooding in slot canyons on Monday.
2685	At least 24 people died after an IDP camp was attacked following a dispute between Arab and African ethnic groups.
2686	At least 362 cases of coronavirus have been diagnosed among the UK's student population, but none of them are thought to have been hospitalised by the virus.
2687	At least 41 people have been killed, including 15 new deaths in Wuhan reported by officials on Saturday morning alone.
2688	At least 700,564 people have tested positive and 4.55 million people have tested negative.
2689	At least four elected officials listed on receipts submitted by Magliocca said they didn’t have meals or drinks purchased by him, despite being listed on his receipts.
2690	At least it doesn't involve step pigs.
2691	At least Retribution is apparently focusing its efforts solely on RAW now, so he doesn’t have to worry about that.
2692	At least Scarlett Johansson isn't in this one?
2693	At least she has the right attitude!
2694	At least six people from Telangana and one from Jammu and Kashmir, who attended the religious congregation in Delhi, have died due to coronavirus.
2695	At least six people were killed in the incident.
2696	At least two more cargoes are planned for the remainder of the month, according to the documents and data.
2697	At least we’re getting leads, it’s not as if we mostly have to comeback from behind.
2698	At least your Emperor will be wearing real clothes, just like their real political solutions.
2699	At Lem’s, the person answer the phone couldn’t talk because the famed barebecue joint was too busy.
2700	At local input sessions, the District’s constituents told them over and over that one of the greatest range health issues was the overgrazing by the horses.
2701	Atmcosplay doesn't just know how to pull off the heart-shaped eyes of well, going with his more typical look here.
2702	At my workplace it seems unaminous amongst my Japanese colleagues that I have heard discussing this issue, that only Japanese nationals should get the money.
2703	At nail salons, patrons are sticking their hands through a hole cut in a sneeze guard as masked technicians work on their manicures.
2704	“At one of the talks, one of the speakers said while gesturing towards the House, ‘You know, there were people before this,’” Stevens said.
2705	At one point, Australia were nine minutes from elimination, with heavy rain falling as the cut-off time approached, knowing that if the game was abandoned without a result, South Africa would advance to the final because they were Group B winners.
2706	At one point, orders of inflatable swimming pools through the site were so backlogged that some customers complained.
2707	At one point, she insinuated that reporters were adverse to religion by saying journalists were “desperately” opposed to houses of worship reopening during the pandemic.
2708	At one point the pair stopped and each seemed to reach into the buggy to give attention to their little one.
2709	A top concern is that a journalist who relies on false pretenses to gather information would be less trustworthy to the public.
2710	A total 14,869 complaints were received by DTI),” Gachalian disclosed.
2711	A total of 12 goals were scored in a Bermuda double header at the PCC Hockey Rink.
2712	A total of 190,089 people have died and 2,698,733 been infected since the virus emerged in China in December.
2713	A total of 219,000 more people filed jobless claims, an increase of 14,000 from the prior week.
2714	A total of 27 other teams had been in the top five during that stretch; none came close to lasting as long as the Huskies.
2715	A total of 3,165 COVID-19 deaths have occurred in Delhi so far.
2716	A total of 331 cases and 84 recoveries remain unallocated in the City of Johannesburg district.
2717	A total of 41 cases of coronavirus had been confirmed by Sunday in the Mornington Peninsula local government area – the second-highest total of any Victorian area.
2718	A total of 651 people are in hospital with COVID-19, a drop of one.
2719	“A total of 7,407 out of the 19,203 suspicious certificates were confirmed to be genuine and 62 found to be fake.
2720	A total of five presenters in the symposium brought greater awareness to human trafficking.
2721	A total sum of Four Million Two Hundred Thousand Naira (N4,200,000) was recovered from the suspects out of the combined ransom of Seven Million, Five Hundred Thousand Naira (N7,500,000) paid for the release of the two victims.
2722	At press time, exact dates and times had not been announced, so visit for the latest updates.
2723	A trading update released at the close of business showed that the officially accepted exchange rate was ZWL$83.32, down from ZWL$83.39 arrived at last week.
2724	A tree down between Letterkenny and Derry.
2725	At Ridgefield High School, hundreds of vehicles paraded by the illuminated football stadium.
2726	Atrium Health Ballpark is an anchor for Kannapolis, said City Manager Mike Legg.
2727	A truck driver and owner of a transport firm were also booked Saturday for allegedly trying to illegally transport 40 people to Uttar Pradesh.
2728	At security, sometimes you'll see hundreds of thousands of perfectly fine objects, like bottles of face wash, or deodorant sticks, just confiscated and about to be thrown in the garbage.
2729	At setting a high fee to enter (about $250 a day), Bhutan is able to protect its culture and wildlife.
2730	“At Simba, we are passionate about the drive to consistently deliver innovative products and services across the country.
2731	At Sisters of the Skies outreach events, young girls get to suit up in pilot gear, manipulate the flight controls, talk to air traffic control, plan their own flight and even fly in a jet.
2732	At smaller schools in southwest Minnesota, folks don’t always sit outside anyway.
2733	"At some point I thought it'd be fun to just re-record the demo, not even play any shows.
2734	At some point over the decades, the distinctive tile floors were covered with red carpet that remained in place until the mid-1990s, when it was peeled off and glue scraped from the three-quarter-inch squares of marble to expose its full beauty.
2735	At some point you became Nandini wondering who you would choose, either way, it's a loss or a gain.
2736	At stake is our NHS, our public services, the future of manufacturing industry.
2737	At St-Gerard, children in the schoolyard ran around playing “walk the dog,” carrying hockey sticks with pictures of dogs attached – combining a game and a tool to illustrate proper distancing, a teacher said.
2738	At St. Kate’s, Melendres says the fact that admissions staff have had to work remotely during a peak time of year has actually proven beneficial in many ways.
2739	At Super Bowl LV, ATMs that give out pre-paid Visa cards for cash will be available as well.
2740	Attendance will be mandatory again from the autumn term, unless pupils or a close contact develop symptoms or test positive for coronavirus.
2741	Attendees can try sundaes, waffles, cotton candy towers, chocolates, cupcakes, and a never-ending path to whatever sweet treat catches your eye.
2742	Attend the Backyard Composting and Vermicomposting class live online Saturday, Nov. 7, or Saturday, Nov. 21, at 9 a.m. and 11 a.m. Learn to use landscape waste to make compost in the backyard and how to turn food waste into plant food using worms.
2743	At that point, testing was limited, but because of Torres’s history of asthma and the fact that his chief of staff was confirmed to have COVID-19, he was administered a test.
2744	At that time God will also reward you for staying true to him despite the harassment and criticism you faced for your faith.
2745	At that time, managers and coaches voted exclusively for the award.
2746	At that time, the senior coalition official said, Iraq showed it was capable of preventing an IS resurgence by conducting operations alone and delivering training.
2747	At the advent of the tech ecosystem in Nigeria about a decade ago, there were high speculations that e-commerce was the future of the economy.
2748	At the beginning of July, CouponBirds made the second-quarter donations to charity organizations that have joined.
2749	At the briefing on Thursday, Mr. Trump also asked officials about testing the effects of light on the virus.
2750	At the center of this mess is a massive influx of mail-in ballots -- 403,000 returned ballots in the city this cycle vs. 23,000 that were returned and determined valid during the 2016 primary -- and a system wholly unprepared to process them.
2751	At the drive-in, kids can enjoy a movie under the stars, without having to worry about masking or social distancing.
2752	At the end of Saved by the Bell: The New Class, Belding chooses to take accept a job as the dean of the University of Chattanooga in Tennessee.
2753	At the end of September 2020, in Switzerland’s most recent popular vote, a turnout of almost 60 percent was achieved.
2754	“At the end of the day, they just didn’t care.
2755	At the end of the day, we improve it, but we can’t stop anybody,” said Cronin, who arrived about 20 minutes late to his post-game news conference, saying, “I was highly upset in the locker room.”
2756	“At the end of the day, we need to try to win the FA Cup final and win the Champions League, otherwise they don’t mean anything.”
2757	At the end of the “meeting” Gardner also mentioned that Minden will be opening back up as part of Phase One of Louisiana’s reopening that’s set to start this Friday, May 15.
2758	At the end of the piece, Smythe told that she hasn’t heard from Shkreli since he found out she was talking to the magazine about their relationship.
2759	At the end of tomato season, (what to do with them) always becomes a big question.”
2760	At the fair, the seaweed and vegetable mixture is plated, sprinkled with sesame seeds and more chopped scallions, topped with fried tofu cubes, and, finally, drizzled with sesame-garlic sauce.
2761	At the gathering in Hyde Park, however, social distancing rules were flouted.
2762	At the handing over ceremony which took place at the 74th Session of the United Nations General Assembly in New York, the Prime Minister accepted the task with “a great sense of gratitude and responsibility.”
2763	“At the heart of the anti-fascist outlook is a rejection of the classical liberal phrase incorrectly ascribed to Voltaire that ‘I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it,’” he writes.
2764	At the height of the toy anime craze, were at the very top.
2765	At the hospital, Duane was found to have a cut on the back of his head and a fractured sternum.
2766	At the launch, Warzone only supported squads of three players.
2767	At the Library: “Red, White and Royal Blue: A Novel”
2768	At the line, Anna Johnson was 19-20 serving with two aces, Jadyn Hoftiezer 19-21, also with two aces.
2769	At the moment, it’s hard to predict which will break first: the excellent if high-wire away wins or the drabness of those home performances.
2770	At the moment more than nine in 10 people on the trial (93 per cent) are white, 4 per cent are Asian and less than half a per cent are black.
2771	At the moment, Tom Brady’s immediate successor looks like it will come from a group that consists of Jarrett Stidham, Brian Hoyer, and Cody Kessler.
2772	At the other end of the table, relegation-threatened Genoa hosts in-form Napoli in one of the five other matches.
2773	At the outset of the trial 66 patients required oxygen supplementation at baseline, the scientists said.
2774	At the present, it's hard to know for sure where this Ivy came from, other than the fact that this is seemingly a cloned version of Poison Ivy.
2775	At the rally, Trump also stepped up his criticism of Harris, the first black woman and first Asian-American on a major-party US presidential ticket, in language he has used to describe other women candidates.
2776	At the risk of sounding cynical, it is irresponsible to assume that a relationship will last indefinitely.
2777	At the Salle Pleyel in Paris, French director, Roman Polanski was awarded the prize of best director for "An Office… https://t.
2778	At the same event, Abdullah Al Rabiah, the supervisor general of the King Salman Humanitarian Aid and Relief Centre (KSrelief), said that Saudi Arabia will be one of the first countries to receive any vaccines against COVID-19.
2779	At the same time, his cash situation is shaky—and there’s no line of credit to lean on.
2780	At the same time, I am convinced that the costs of transforming the EU economy are higher than expected.
2781	At the same time if I’m Grier I’m looking at the upcoming draft to see what’s there and also what it might take to get that kid from Clemson.
2782	At the same time in 2018, they re-enfranchised disenfranchised felons, although, of course, the legislature messed around with that.
2783	At the same time, the Beatles secretly envied the Stones’ “bad boy” image and attitude, often copying their style.
2784	At the same time, the company also wants to build new brands and turn its existing brands into mega brands, Ganorkar said.
2785	"At the same time, we need your help and are asking everyone to do their part and take precautions that reduce the spread of the virus.
2786	"At these elections, the people of Belarus demonstrated unprecedented political activity in the name of free elections and democracy," Kaup Laponin went on.
2787	At the start of the crisis, Churches were abruptly closed by security forces while worshipers were in service due to authorities' apparent conflicting decision following a meeting with religious leaders ahead of the Sunday leading to the incident.
2788	At the the time, the thought was that it shouldn’t impact his availability for Sunday’s game, but with McManus still on the COVID-19 list as of Friday, it now looks like the Broncos will have to turn to emergency backup kicker Taylor Russolino.
2789	At the time everyone was so preoccupied with defending the ensuing corner that the goalkeeper received a rather perfunctory head pat from Alan Mullery and a hair ruffle followed by a bottom pat from Bobby Moore.
2790	At the time, Guyana had recorded six deaths due to the COVID-19 disease, and while the loss of life is never pleasant, doctors had said most of the persons who died had co-morbidities.
2791	At the time I was very interested in artificial intelligence, which has this idea of a Turing test and emulating the mind.
2792	At the time, Mayco Member for Human Settlements Malusi Booi said this was not an eviction.
2793	At the time of the agency’s initial announcement Friday, one of the two men remained at large, but on Tuesday, Justice the second surrendered to authorities.
2794	At the time, Pepsi and I were still recording.
2795	At The Times, she was an editor and producer who led several early digital initiatives.
2796	At the time, the Elections Commission argued that state law gave it discretion on whether to immediately rescind a voter’s registration.
2797	At the time, there was this mystery aspect to the show and I didn’t wanna solve it.
2798	At the upcoming AGM, shareholders are likely to ask how these various major investments will be financed and the time period being envisaged to complete this ambitious expansion.
2799	At the upper price band, the government of India plans to raise about Rs443.68cr from the IPO.
2800	At the weekend, Boko Haram insurgents in Borno, killed more than 40 farmers in a community about 20 kilometres from Maiduguri.
2801	At the White House, in his first remarks since losing the election to Biden, Trump said he expected a vaccine developed by Pfizer to receive emergency use authorisation “extremely soon”, and to be available to the general population by April.
2802	At this moment, it remains to be seen whether the restrictions would affect the U.S. banks’ ability to work on Ant’s IPO, if at all.
2803	At this moment we cannot comment on the additional charges until we learn more about them.”
2804	At this point, if you took his mic away, he’d probably just grow a new one, Terminator-style.”
2805	At this point it remains a total mystery who will join Bliss on Smackdown, and they are teasing a “marquee guest” for the go-home show heading into The Horror Show at Extreme Rules this Sunday.
2806	At this point, these are cheap Pro Bowl selections.
2807	At this point, Yancey said, he was beginning to get fed up, but he stayed as long as he could in his position.
2808	At this stage, exact release dates are a matter of speculation, but there are plenty of hints from previous years that we can use to take a reasonable stab at when the MacBook Pro 2020 may be released.
2809	At this time, the family requests to please refrain from bringing food and flowers to the house.
2810	At this time, the ranks have managed to partially extinguish the fire and clear the roadway, allowing traffic to flow again,” the police said in a statement.
2811	At this time, these countries include: China, Iran, Italy and South Korea.
2812	At Thursday’s hearing, Bredar also warned corruption not addressed within the department is “cancerous” to reform efforts, adding any cuts to the police department’s budget only hinder efforts to closing staffing shortages.
2813	Attorney General William Barr called it a “milestone in implementing the First Step Act,” a rare bipartisan push under the Trump administration to end incarceration for nonviolent criminals, many of whom have served lengthy sentences for drug convictions.
2814	Attorney General William Barr earlier intervened in the case to scale back the Justice Department’s sentencing recommendation, leading four career prosecutors to quit the proceedings.
2815	Attorney General William Barr has said dropping the case against Mr. Flynn, who pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about having discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador during the presidential transition, was in the interests of justice.
2816	Attorney General William Barr, who appointed Durham to oversee the investigation in March 2019, has said that the investigation has been slowed by the coronavirus pandemic.
2817	Attorney Kevin Shenkman is a friend of De la Torres and represents De la Torre’s wife in the voting rights lawsuit against the city of Santa Monica.
2818	Attorneys for Lisa Snyder filed papers in Berks County Court on Thursday citing a number of serious mental health issues on the part of their client.
2819	At Travis Air Force Base in California, officials said a “safety cordon” would be put in place to separate evacuees from people on the base.
2820	At Turning Point School also in Ire Akari, Lagos, there was enough space within the school premises and that paved way for the students at the examination hall to observe safe distancing.
2821	AT&T, which reports its results on April 22, recently announced a $5.5 billion term-loan agreement to provide "financial flexibility", and last month it shuttered 40% of its stores nationwide as a result of the health crisis.
2822	A tweet from the governing body's account added: 'That is a shock.
2823	A twist of events in the case, Alcorn County investigators say the person of interest in Moore’s possible murder was found murdered about a week later.
2824	At yesterday's Downing Street press briefing, Home Secretary Priti Patel urged the public to 'stay strong' and observe social distancing.
2825	Aubrey Norton says this is wrong and the CEO has a right to his own attorney.
2826	Aubrey Reger of Lyman was the 14-17 year old barrel race winner.
2827	AUBREY: She says the e-cigarette industry has been very creative despite efforts by regulators to stop young people from vaping.
2828	AUBURN – We rejoice that kind, mischievous Russell Robbins Sherburne is himself once again.
2829	Audio of tense post-debate exchange between Warren and Sanders revealed.
2830	August 2nd, 2020 - on Jacobi Capital Management LLC Has $2.11 Million Stake in Amazon.
2831	August and September are full of rereleases, nostalgic throwbacks, and other niche releases, but not much in the way of original massive titles.
2832	Augustina Ramirez-Arreola, a 62-year-old Mexican national was pronounced dead by medical staff at the Alvarado Hospital in La Mesa, California, while in the custody of ICE.
2833	A unique, moving tale of family bonds with a couple of breathtaking twists that you will not see coming.
2834	Aura reading - Reading the supposed electromagnetic field that surrounds a person’s body associated with energy.
2835	A U.S. Marine has died and eight other service members from Camp Pendleton are missing after a training accident involving an amphibious assault vehicle (AAV) occurred off San Clemente Island on Thursday, July 30, Marine officials said.
2836	Aussie Broadband is part of the Small Change Big Change program.
2837	A US soldier poses for a picture while bulldozers clear rubble and debris at Ain al-Asad air base in Anbar on Monday.
2838	Austin Beutner is superintendent of the Los Angeles Unified School District and former publisher of the Los Angeles Times.
2839	Austin Riley has been slowed by a quad injury lately, leaving Adeiny Hechavarria as the primary option.
2840	Australia and neighbouring New Zealand, which have closed borders and imposed lockdowns and tight social restrictions, have been hailed for containing COVID-19 outbreaks, but the measures are set to push both economies into recession.
2841	Australia Day is 26 January, and Aussies aren't shy about celebrating.
2842	Australia is the latest in a small but emerging chorus of nations that are describing as illegal China’s position that it holds economic and maritime rights to nearly all of the South China Sea.
2843	Australian actress Tilda Cobham-Hervey plays Helen from the age of 25 through 48 in the film, and she tells ABC Audio it was intimidating to have to play someone who is not only hugely famous, but who is still with us.
2844	Australian man Peter Bridge was only 33-years-old when he died in April last year, following a lifetime battle with cystic fibrosis.
2845	Australian MPs are also believed to have cancelled a visit to the UK next month amid the bitter row over Huawei.
2846	Australian Olympic Committee heavyweight Peter Montgomery, himself a former water polo Olympian, pointed out yesterday that water polo had been played continuously at the Olympics longer than any other team sport, having made its debut in 1900.
2847	“Australian organizations are currently being targeted by a sophisticated state-based cyber actor,” Prime Minister Scott Morrison said.
2848	Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison confirmed on Wednesday the death of one Australian after a massive blast ripped through the Lebanese capital, Beirut.
2849	Australians who have lost their jobs are likely to spend less than they did before.
2850	Australia's chief nursing and midwifery officer Alison McMillan has warned "this pandemic is not over" as the country recorded 85 new cases in the past 24 hours.
2851	Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade released a statement on Tuesday night addressing China's remarkable decision to publish the conversation.
2852	Australia was also dealing with the fate of around a dozen cruise ships it has banned from docking at its ports after disembarking passengers and crew became the country’s biggest single source of coronavirus infections.
2853	Authorities estimate that the country could be losing an estimated US$1 billion in uncollected import duty due to smuggling and other criminal activities along the Limpopo River annually.
2854	Authorities said he is charged with first-degree murder with a firearm, destruction of evidence and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon.
2855	Authorities said no arrests have been made so far.
2856	Authorities say an unidentified 65-year-old man was driving west on Kamm in a Toyota Corolla when he ran a stop sign at the intersection at Marks.
2857	Authorities say Gilbertie entered the cosmetics department and started knocking down items and smashing display units.
2858	Authorities say that Underwood was targeted because he wore a uniform.
2859	Authorities were able to trace a vehicle seen in surveillance footage of a man in a black hooded sweatshirt withdrawing money from the Queens ATM.
2860	A vacancy occurs due to the death of a ward councillor, the resignation of a ward councillor from a party or municipal council or the expulsion of a ward councillor from a party or municipal council.
2861	Available from the AFP Online Store – the inside story from Papadopoulos!
2862	Available in five different colorways and starting at $500 (as opposed to $700 for the new Fenix 6 Pro), the Suunto 7 is perfect for anyone who likes to keep active.
2863	A vast majority – 83 percent – have stopped their regular services.
2864	Avatar 2: First BTS Picture Of James Cameron’s Film Is OUT!
2865	A vehicle had lost control and overturned.
2866	Avengers: Endgame Director Took Inspiration From Rajinikanth’s Robot For THIS.
2867	Average yearly mined production is forecasted at 223,000 gold equivalent ounces, with an average of 289,000 gold equivalent ounces mined during the first four full years.
2868	Aversele apar local, dar pot veni cu vijelii și grindină.
2869	“A very important read.”
2870	A victor is to be announced in April, when the successor as deputy will also be confirmed.
2871	A video game developer based out of Paradise is working to tell the stories of the Royal Newfoundland Regiment, as well as other soldiers from the First World War, in their newest project.
2872	A video of Jawaharlal Nehru playing cricket with other MPs.
2873	A video went viral on social media in which a group of people were seen beating a boy.
2874	Avient Corporation provides specialized polymer materials, services, and solutions in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, South America, and Asia.
2875	A viewing and rosary will take place there on Friday.
2876	A view to the future was what swept over 16-year-old Jalen Keys, who came to Houston with her family from San Antonio, Texas, to watch the final leg of the funeral procession as Floyd's casket, in a horse-drawn carriage, passed by.
2877	A virtual curriculum will come into play for those learning from home.
2878	Avneet’s husband and former Indian hockey captain Rajpal Singh too believes that there should be an end to such songs and glorification of weapons and also showing hockey as a weapon in some songs.
2879	Avoid controversial subjects like politics, religion and racial issues because you could end up an argument with someone or a real fight.
2880	Avoiding Instagram reels of decadent desserts meant I didn’t crave midnight snacks anymore.
2881	"Avoid rubbing the affected area because that could cause tissue damage.
2882	Avoid these, and you get to the rewarding part of angel investing faster.
2883	A volleyball team was staying in the hotel and one of the players in the elevator with me said, with a terrified look on her face: “What is happening at this hotel right now?
2884	A waiter delivers food to people eating May 16 in the outside “Trap Yard” at the Blue Marlin Seafood Restaurant, 121 Bridge St., Bradenton Beach.
2885	A wallaby eats a carrot air-dropped in bushfire-hit areas around Wollemi and Yengo national parks by the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service.
2886	A Walmartian, caught on camera!
2887	Award-winning actor Viola Davis has donated a twosome — one clutch bag she used, plus a new one for the highest bidder.
2888	Award-winning London pub group, Three Cheers Pub Co, who are responsible for nine venues in the capital including the legendary Bedford in Balham and The Avalon in Clapham, are also extending The 'Eat Out to Help Out' scheme into September.
2889	A web-based central dashboard keeps track of all organisational data on hygiene compliance in one place.
2890	A website without a testimonial section is considered incomplete.
2891	A Wegmans spokeswoman, Laura Camera, said on Tuesday that the chain “may not have every product cut or variety available for the next few weeks.”
2892	A well rounded- and content-rich education is a great way to allow for students to accomplish their soul searching and career discovery in high school, so that it doesn’t have to occur in a much more expensive college environment.
2893	Awesome Kong was supposed to wrestle, but she was not medically cleared due to illness.
2894	A white kitchen is an evergreen choice, even for studio apartments.
2895	A whopping 19,311 square feet, eight bedrooms, and 10 bathrooms means you won’t run out of space and the home’s countless amenities will keep the family — and anyone else you’d like to have over — well entertained.
2896	A WHOPPING 20.8bn/- has been injected into the government's coffers as more parastatals yesterday responded to President John Magufuli's directive to pay dividends to the government.
2897	A William Hill bettor in Nevada lost a $100,000 wager Saturday on Dan Hooker (+200) over Dustin Poirier in the main event of UFC on ESPN 12 in Las Vegas.
2898	A Wind Advisory goes into effect at 5am and continues through 4pm.
2899	A winter storm watch has been issued for a number of counties in the southern quarter of the state, including Nicollet, Le Sueur, Rice and Goodhue, but not Scott or Dakota, among counties in the southern Twin Cities.
2900	A witness obtained information that led to the identification of Ojeda-Vazquez as the suspect.
2901	A witty onlooker — Paul Krugman’s ideological ancestor — considers this a good thing because it creates business for the glazier who replaces broken windows.
2902	Awkwafina started her speech by joking that if she ever falls on hard times that she can just sell her award.
2903	A woman accused of grooming teenage girls for the sexual pleasure of the head of La Luz del Mundo church has come forward and is now alleging through her attorney that she too was a victim.
2904	A woman escaped custody Sunday night from a local healing lodge.
2905	A woman pointed out the seriousness of every vote, “A lot of people don’t think their voice is being heard.
2906	A woman wearing face mask, walks past empty shelf of tissue papers at a supermarket in Hong Kong, Friday, Feb. 7, 2020.
2907	A working actor since the early 1950s, Gossett has played hundreds of roles over the decades, including Anwar Sadat, a fighter pilot, a musician, and even an alien.
2908	A world-renowned expert on air pollution, he often travels internationally and was in Beijing during the 2003 SARS outbreak, which was, like COVID-19, caused by a coronavirus.
2909	A wrongful death lawsuit is quite a traumatic experience to navigate, even for a decent attorney.
2910	"Awww, what a feelgood story!
2911	Axios-Harris poll released on July 30th shows that most Americans are more likely to trust companies, not the federal government, during the pandemic.
2912	Ayagwa called on Governor Darius Ishaku to provide security for the IDPs returnees, saying the incident was capable of damaging the reputation of the governor’s administration.
2913	Aycliffe were bossing the game and went ahead on 19 minutes.
2914	Ayman Odeh, the leader of Israel’s large Arab political coalition, arrived at the that “Biden will take off the table the Deal of the Century,” although Odeh rightly points out that Biden will not put any pressure on Israel.
2915	A young boy has been seriously hurt after being stung by a scorpion in southern Israel.
2916	A young Luftwaffe fighter pilot was shot down and captured by the Soviets, endured years in captivity in the Gulag, and lived to tell the tale.
2917	A young policewoman who was enforcing coronavirus restrictions in Melbourne's south-east has allegedly had her head repeatedly smashed into concrete paving during a confrontation with a woman who wasn't wearing a mask.
2918	Ayub Ali’s two sons were imams in the mosques.
2919	Azalea's most iconic contribution to the video-sharing app thus far?
2920	«Azan: No welcome mat for ‘deportee’
2921	Azilah’s revelations, he says, “combined with the evidence Sirul presented before the Administrative Appeals Tribunal in Australia give us a very clear clue of the possible motive.
2922	Azoulay stressed the universality of cultural and natural heritage as vectors of peace and dialogue between peoples, which the international community has a duty to protect and preserve for future generations,” the statement said.
2923	Babatunde while commiserating with the family of the victims advised motorists to avoid route violation because of its attendant consequences.
2924	Babis added the country was running out of hospital capacity and that it had asked for help abroad.
2925	Baby boomers were born into the era of radio’s dominance over American airwaves, and television entered their lives during their childhoods.
2926	Baby on the rocks by Frédéric Larrey: A cheeky snow leopard cub got away from its mother and is playing hidden in the rocks.
2927	Baby Yoda does not do the magic hand thing, alas.
2928	Bach owners are travelling under cover of darkness to get to their holiday homes on the Coromandel and they are being warned - home is not your holiday home.
2929	Back at Cony, teachers have participated in activities, including meditation and yoga, to destress and learn how to teach them to students.
2930	Back at Hiranki village, Prakash’s son Sumit Singh (24) said the technology works: “The stubble has decomposed, we will start sowing wheat in about a week from now.
2931	Back in 2012, they drew two matches out of 12, but with one match to go in the current edition, the Ulsan-based side would lift the trophy with 10 wins and one draw should they overcome Persepolis without needing penalty shootouts.
2932	Back in August, fans could redeem codes for an Amoonguss that was both Shiny and competitively optimized.
2933	Back in December of 2019, the Kenai Peninsula Borough Assembly approved an additional $1 million dollars in order to ensure that the funds necessary to award the construction contract with the updated cost estimate for a third fire station in Nikiski.
2934	Back in January, ‘Batwoman’ was renewed for a second season, before Rose announced her surprise exit last week.
2935	Back in July, the Nationals were agitating to have concurrence issues added as a cabinet agenda item so that they could demand changes and potentially storm out if they weren't stripped from Mr Kean.
2936	Back in March Sony confirmed that it was testing the 100 most popular PS4 games first, with thousands of others to follow.
2937	Back in Old Ottawa South, Marta and her husband have both died.
2938	Back inside, Wheeler misses a splash, Page to his feet, Cash with an electric chair and the tag.
2939	Back in the colonial days, Dr. Jabez Tait, a serene citizen and medical doctor, was the patriarch of the Tait clan.
2940	Back in the mid-’70s, WLVI-56 in Boston was legendary for running the Creature Double Feature on Saturday afternoons.
2941	Back in the ring, Brooke made a comeback.
2942	Back in the ring, Eric grabbed the title belt, but the ref took it and put it outside the ring.
2943	Back in the U.S., some enterprising film executives are urging producers to look closer to home.
2944	Back in the US Styles P shows and proves he’s still got the love from the streets in his clip to “I’m The Sh*t” which has random dudes on the block rhyming along to his verse.
2945	“‘Back of the Line’ was written during a period in time that we’re all going to remember for the rest of our lives,” Trawick continued.
2946	Back row (left to right), Jim Leighton, Jim Bett, Peter Weir and John Hewitt.
2947	Back-to-back huge leads blown in the fourth quarter.
2948	Back to Orange levelOn Wednesday, Zone 5 transitioned back to Orange level under the province’s COVID-19 recovery plan.“
2949	Backyard adventures in the time of coronavirus are an excellent idea.
2950	Bad jokes and flippant remarks can cost you a job by calling into question your character, or your ability to fit into the workplace.
2951	Bad markets and trying economic times are an opportunity to see how seriously advisers take their responsibilities to their clients, says CFP Brett A. Koeppel, president of Eudaimonia Wealth in Buffalo, New York.
2952	Bad sportsmanship is a warning of worse.
2953	BAFTA winners and nominees are voted for by 6,500 BAFTA members, comprised of industry professionals and creatives around the world.
2954	BA have denied any liability in Mr Westgate's death and the High Court case is ongoing.
2955	Bake at 350° until lightly browned, 10-15 minutes.
2956	Baker is the sports editor.
2957	Baker said last month that he could not support Trump and was focused on steering Massachusetts through the coronavirus pandemic.
2958	Bald eagles are no longer an endangered species, and populations in Wisconsin have surged.
2959	Baldwin said he met a heavy-set blond woman at the door who told him to leave, the charges said.
2960	Bales said the L.A. County Public Health Department is working in the mission’s courtyard monitoring anyone else who may have been infected.
2961	Ball had lived in Lytham St Annes, near Blackpool.
2962	Ballots have been mailed in to the New York City Board of Elections in the name of dead voters, The Post has learned.
2963	Ball would also make life easier for Harris playing off the ball when Murray rests, and trying to score on that backcourt tandem would be a nightmare for opponents.
2964	Baltazar was part of a U.S. Forest Service Interagency Hotshot Crew.
2965	Baltika Grupp's revenue for the first half of 2020 was €9.8 milliond, 50 percent less when compared to the first six months of 2019.
2966	Banijay’s takeover of Endemol Shine has already resulted in a number of senior departures.
2967	“Bank of America understands that investing into the arts is investing into the growth of our communities,” Higuchi said.
2968	Bank of Montreal Can now owns 89,961 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $9,143,000 after buying an additional 85,778 shares during the last quarter.
2969	Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,970,017 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $116,251,000 after acquiring an additional 280,463 shares during the period.
2970	Banks came down and attacked in less than a minute for the DQ.
2971	Banks have the dollars people may withdraw or transfer abroad from their accounts.
2972	Banned pro-Khalistan group Sikhs For Justice (SFJ) on Saturday launched its much-publicised online voter registration for 'Referendum 2020' for people in Punjab through a Russian portal.
2973	Ba President l hv heard u self praising yo govt tht u hv achieve alot than any other govt frm 1964.
2974	Barack Obama caps off the year by revealing his favorite music of 2020.
2975	Barack Obama compares Donald Trump to a 'two-bit dictator' Track latest news updates here https://t.
2976	Barbados Pride were eying their first win in Guyana since 2014 after dismantling Guyana Jaguars for 55 on the second day of their seventh round CWI Regional four-day cricket fixture.
2977	Barbara Wybar, mid-70-ish, left a comfortable life in Chestnut Hill retirement in 2004 to spend a portion of each year in the village of Bududa, where she managed to open a school, the Bududa Learning Center, where none had existed before.
2978	BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — The Spanish Vuelta cycling race starts on Tuesday amid tight health restrictions in the hopes of…
2979	Barclays raised their target price on Corning from $22.00 to $28.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Wednesday.
2980	Barclays reissued an overweight rating and issued a GBX 3,300 ($43.41) price objective on shares of Coca Cola HBC in a research note on Tuesday, October 8th.
2981	• Bar counter service for all establishments will be closed for seating and service.
2982	Bardin Hill Management Partners LP increased its stake in shares of Clear Channel Outdoor by 117.8% in the second quarter.
2983	Bardsley later tested positive for Covid-19, while Rooney played 90 minutes in Derby’s 1-0 home defeat by Watford on Friday.
2984	"Barend is really going well.
2985	Barker, whose other clubs included Stoke City, Barnsley and Queens Park Rangers, made 162 appearances for the Bluebirds.
2986	Baron Cohen is carrying Bakalova and shouts: 'Michael Pennis!
2987	Baron Helmut Zemo has taken up his father's villainous mantle – and targeted Captain America in a complex plan of revenge!
2988	Barrett previously teased a reunion in 2017, telling : “It’s just time and schedules and getting together.
2989	Barrett said the case differs from earlier challenges to the law, and said she had not taken a position on the issue at hand.
2990	Barricaded Gunman: Unobtanium: Rapmaster2000: It's much better than the actual city of Brunswick, which I mostly remember for smelling like ass when I drove through it.
2991	Barrow reported from Birmingham, Alabama.
2992	Barry and may end up determining in season 7 that they could benefit from giving her these capabilities.
2993	Bars and restaurants must stop serving alcohol at 10 p.m. The core of his directive is that masks be worn at all Utah businesses, both by employees and customers.
2994	• Bars that don’t serve food must work with a restaurant to make food available, such as by handing out menus and allowing delivery to the bar.
2995	Bartender Jessica Goodwin pours a glass of the Eden Imperial Rose cider.
2996	Bartholomew added: the potential conversion of Hagia Sophia into a mosque will turn millions of Christians across the world against Islam.
2997	BARTIROMO: Let me ask you about Kevin Clinesmith, Senator, and how this fits into the overall puzzle of corruption during the transition period from Obama to Trump.
2998	BART’s daily ridership is hovering around 13 percent of its pre-coronavirus pandemic levels and is not rebounding as the agency had originally planned for.
2999	Bar Yochai recounted his efforts to find his savior: “When I decided to join United Hatzalah I knew that I had to find the EMT who saved me.
3000	Barzin backed Sanders in 2016, but the 38-year-old business owner had debated supporting former Mayor Pete Buttigieg this time around.
3001	Based around the wildly popular Instagram account of the decluttering duo Clea Shearer and Joanna Teplin, it sees them make over the houses of celebrities.
3002	Based in Houston, FLY Dance Company entertains with clean-cut, fun concert performances, as well as educational shows, workshops and residencies.
3003	Based on an average daily volume of 396,800 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 4.4 days.
3004	“Based on our experience, available data and gauging our level of national preparedness, there is merit to relax some of the restrictions,” said Geingob.
3005	Based on Philip Roth’s 2004 novel about an alternative history in which Charles Lindbergh defeats Franklin D. Roosevelt in the presidential election of 1940, The Plot Against America is a surprisingly timeless story when seen through a modern lens.
3006	Based on the analyses completed, we have established an additional management adjustment in order to have a significant buffer to cover future loan losses.
3007	Based on the story from the books, the middle of the movie will feature quite the shocking turn of events.
3008	"Based on this scientific assessment, we proceeded to authorise it for the European Union market," EU chief Ursula von der Leyen said in a video statement.
3009	Based on type, the platelet rich plasma market is segmented into pure platelet-rich plasma, leukocyte-rich platelet-rich plasma, pure platelet-rich fibrin and leukocyte-rich platelet-rich fibrin.
3010	Based on your promises that you are going to turn the company around and make a good investment they hired you, asked you to take over.
3011	Basel further said that the company is ready with millions of doses of vaccines that will be shipped as soon as they get a nod from FDA while speaking at Piper Sandler healthcare conference.
3012	Ba’s goal was bad enough but Basaksehir’s second through Edin Visca was not much better, with United easily dispossessed and pulled out of position.
3013	Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga has lauded poor schools for beating the odds and competing with affluent schools when it comes to matric results.
3014	"Basketball as a sport has inspired me to be an exceptional athlete.
3015	Battenfeld: Is Boston ready to toss out Marty Walsh?
3016	Batterman cautioned that a few days of high temperatures above freezing does not mean we are into spring weather.
3017	Battlestar Galactica by Mr. Robot creator Sam Esmail.
3018	Bavaria and smaller Saarland had gone furthest, imposing restrictions to keep people inside their homes save for a number of work-related exceptions.
3019	Bayelsa govt orders compulsory use of face masks in public.
3020	Bayern Munich want Thomas Partey as long term replacement for Javi…
3021	Bayles said that while her family usually doesn't share moments like these and tries to "be as strong and positive as possible," she wanted to show the impact of constant bullying toward her son.
3022	Bayley and Banks make their way to the ring, followed by Lacey – who is dressed like she works in a 1950s diner – and Tamina.
3023	BBB rates Amazon as a whole an A. It does not offer scores for the Amazon Home Services platform.
3024	BBC Newsnight understands some MPs want the rules to be reviewed more often.
3025	BB&T Securities LLC now owns 24,337 shares of the company’s stock worth $557,000 after buying an additional 650 shares in the last quarter.
3026	BCCI chief Sourav Ganguly and BCCI Secretary Jay Shah at Motera Stadium for Namaste Trump event.
3027	B.C. reported its first death in a First Nations community on Friday, a 59-year-old woman from the ‘Namgis First Nation on Cormorant Island.
3028	Beaches and state parks were also reopened.
3029	Beach-goers packed onto coastal roads with gridlock queues of more than two miles at Bournemouth and Camber Sands seeing car parks full by midday.
3030	Beads and tassels make these drop earrings a unique pair she can throw on to turn up the dial up on any simple outfit.
3031	Be an example of my mother’s adage, “Crisis doesn’t create character; crisis reveals character.”
3032	“Beans also eats lots of wild greens and weeds, by the way.
3033	Beartooth Basin Summer Ski Area also announced plans to reopen their facility in upcoming weeks.
3034	Beast is proving himself the most dangerous X-Man on Krakoa, and this logic is distinctly fascistic.
3035	Beautiful Gate Lesotho was founded in June of 2001 and currently has 77 children aged zero to five years.
3036	Beauty in expression is your gift, this includes dance, your appearance, your home and even your social media feeds.
3037	Because a bunch of people that you wish were robots, so they could wait on you faster and more efficiently, are being turned into extensions of machines for MAXIMUM profit.
3038	Because American culture has always been replete with charlatans and scammers who have preyed on people's gullibility and ignorance, such experiences have gotten a bad name.
3039	Because Aniston turned 50 this last year, she seems to feel like it was a lost opportunity.
3040	Because cell service might be patchy, bring an extra portable battery charger, and keep your phone on airplane mode when possible, so searching for a signal doesn’t drain the battery faster.
3041	"Because climate change is long-term with widespread impacts, of the risks is particularly important for prudent societal investments."
3042	Because Democrats have an edge in early voting, specifically in mail-in voting, states like Florida and North Carolina could very well post results that look favorable to Democrats early in the night.
3043	“Because genuine friendship, the desire to meet up have always been stronger than any barriers and distances,” the head of state stressed.
3044	Because he does not read and is proudly ignorant, Donald Trump most certainly does not know that "The Star-Spangled Banner" channels his white supremacist and racist values.
3045	Because I didn’t want him to be the flotation device,” Waldrup says.
3046	Because if it's the former, I don't understand how Indonesia is still a functioning country.
3047	"Because if we don't get state aid from Washington it's going to be a very bad situation for this state and the people in this state.
3048	Because if we don’t keep on that path, then we’re not going to be able to get to that next phase of reopening,” Landry said.
3049	“Because I’m telling you, with that (Krause) around, it’s just not going to happen in Chicago.
3050	Because judges’ robes were originally designed for men and included an opening for a tie at the front, RBG decided to spice up her robe with decorative collars when she was in court.
3051	Because living the original, imperfect life requires courage.
3052	Because my dog looks similar to me, you can’t mistake me, if you think about me, you think about my dog too.’
3053	Because no additional people who tested positive have died, the total number of deaths in Scotland by this measure has remained at 2,415.
3054	Because no matter what you do when you go out, you bring it home.
3055	Because of all of the damage from gunfire, she says she is unable to use her van to drive to work or to the grocery store.
3056	Because of its location, Covenant would mostly likely be the first choice for any emergency medical services to its south because the hospital would be the “closest appropriate facility,” to the majority of Hobbs.
3057	Because of that, it wasn’t a surprise to see the character later join up with Hudson University’s school paper as well.
3058	Because of that, the public is left out in the cold.
3059	Because of the high rate of false positives we’re experiencing, this is creating turmoil in our care homes.
3060	Because of the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed children, advise women not to breastfeed during treatment with Retevmo and for 1 week after the final dose.
3061	Because of these changes, there is no sign that will suspend the rollout of new features to discourage players from going outside and breaking recommended isolation protocols by health officials.
3062	Because of these ongoing issues, Serrano says, he is not confident that any gains made on stop-and-frisk will actually stick in the long term.
3063	Because of the shortened season judges saw only 157 shows for 2019-2020.
3064	Because Oyo hotels are popular with unmarried couples looking for places for their trysts, one scheme involved workers at properties run directly by the start-up colluding to keep the guests checked in after they left.
3065	“Because prompt isolation of persons with COVID-19 can reduce household transmission, persons who suspect that they might have COVID-19 should isolate, stay at home, and use a separate bedroom and bathroom if feasible,” the scientists said.
3066	Because she doesn’t “respect wood.”
3067	"Because subsequently in the phases (of easing the lockdown), I believe we will get to that point when we start opening the schools.
3068	Because taking it out of the box and turning it on is so 1980s.
3069	Because the people involved in this clip thought it was true.
3070	Because there is no company in the world that can pay that kind of fine in three months; it just doesn’t work like that.”
3071	Because there is this challenge that is still going ahead in the future.”
3072	Because they are still in school, both girls live with their parents in Connecticut but come out to Los Angeles when their schedules allow.
3073	Because they owned more than eight acres of land, they were called Kulaks by the invading Russians, a slur that means stingy or tightfisted.
3074	Because they’re shooting digitally they’re just lit terribly.
3075	Because this arc is continuing to unfold, we don't really know much about this trio as they have just been jumping into action in the latest couple of chapters of the series.
3076	Because we came in supposedly prepared, that grading system is not on offer this time around.
3077	“Because we now saw that the values in the house are the values we cherish and the values we lived for; values of justice, values of law and order, values of care for our people, putting the people first.
3078	Beccy Speight, the RSPB’s Chief Executive, adds: 'Despite everything that’s going on in the world, nature is still doing its thing.
3079	• Beck Insurance was re-approved for the village’s property insurance for a cost of $15,928 minus a discount of $2,111 for being a long-term client.
3080	Beckley beat the Mullens Rebels 21-16 in basketball.
3081	Beck said the only way to feasibly evacuate all students from campus would be on foot, which would put the students in more danger than if they remain on the Hill.
3082	Bed, Bath & Beyond has LEGO brick-shaped storage drawers ($22.99-$33.99) that are 10 inches long by 10 inches wide and 7 inches high as well a three-drawer storage rack for $40.99.
3083	Beds are now utilized as a sleep, television and study area all in one.
3084	Beeley was finally booked to give her talk on December 12, with practically no public notice, at the Winnipeg Chilean Association on Burrows Avenue.
3085	“Before any cruise ship anchors in Malaysia, they will have to send us the list of passengers and undertake initial health screening.
3086	Before Chieffalo took the court, Brown (8-2) had already clinched a team win with victories in singles spots one through four to secure a 4-3 win over the Eagles despite BC (2-5, 0-3 ACC) winning the doubles point.
3087	Before coronavirus, many abused the new technology of online dating.
3088	Before Drew Lock, everyone in Denver wanted the Broncos to hand Scangarello a pink slip.
3089	Before Hall’s decision, both Jabet and Gasmi spoke directly to Mvemba’s relatives.
3090	Before, I had assumed that good character writing and horror were incompatible — it takes a lot of time to create engaging characters, and every minute the filmmakers spend on that, they are trying to scare the audience.
3091	Before it’s gone for good, go pay your respects and try its lovely seasonal dishes like squash risotto and sweet potato turmeric soup one last time.
3092	Before lawmakers return to D.C. this month, she wanted to send a message to landlords.
3093	Before Migalska’s maskmaking idea, Mkwela had asked her to help raise money to support Khayelitsha families.
3094	Before now, the state ministry of agriculture had a 2.5 metric tonne capacity rice mill and we were buying from Niger and Kebbi states.
3095	Before robots get plopped onto assembly lines, they’re trained on the rules of environment using a simulator.
3096	Before starting Project Color Corps, Guido-Clark was a consumer products designer of color, material, and texture.
3097	Before Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker revealed Rey's new lightsaber, fans had figured out the twist well before The Force Awakens was even released.
3098	Before taking the swab, people have to remove their mask for a while and cough into a tissue.
3099	Before that happens two things need to happen, according to Le Nouvelliste journalist Steve Turcotte: the ECHL must grant an expansion team to the DSE Group and the potential team must sign a partnership agreement with an NHL team.
3100	Before that she had guided the women and children to safety before running back in to help others.
3101	Before that special moment, Taylor was honored with Key to the City in 1991 by former Clinton Mayor Emsley Kennedy.
3102	Before that we attempted the "The Whipped Cream" Challenge.
3103	Before the concert, he broke his usual rule and summoned up some Dutch courage with a glass of to steady his nerves.
3104	Before the pandemic, most of the kosher restaurant’s customers picked up food or used the catering service.
3105	Before the vandalism started, a couple hundred people gathered at Nash Square downtown around 7:30 p.m.
3106	Before this 11-game stretch, Colorado was giving up just 1.57 five on five goals per game.
3107	Before this dramatic change of fortune, the farm workers had survived on barely US$1 a day.
3108	“Before this present government foreign rice was in abundance but usually costly only during festive period.
3109	Before turning violent, AaS members had begun to preach a radical form of Islam and to build their own mosques.
3110	“Before we give the soiled PPE, we have a protocol on that.
3111	Beginning in 2018, however, Trump changed his tune and became the first sitting U.S. president to meet in person with the leader of North Korea, dramatically reducing tensions between the two countries.
3112	Beginning Monday, they will be required to establish a limit on how many customers may be in their store at a single time and have that number posted.
3113	Beginning next Thursday, residents will be allowed to have two supporters visit indoors as long and as often as they wish, and up to four visitors for outdoor visits.
3114	Beginning on June 11, Mitscher had sent his aircraft against Japanese air bases on the islands of Guam, Saipan, and Tinian in the Marianas.
3115	Beginning Thursday, the Historic Hampton House, a museum that was once a segregation-era motel that housed Malcolm X, Muhammad Ali, and countless black musicians, is rolling out a new in-person film series.
3116	Behind the mask, which Virat Kohli has arrived in Australia?
3117	Behind the scenes, health officials are scrambling to prepare for coronavirus outbreak.
3118	Behind these doors lurks danger.
3119	Behind the Song: The Chicks, “March March”
3120	Be honest about your creepy.
3121	BEIJING: China's military has approved a coronavirus vaccine for use within its ranks that has been developed by its research unit and a biotech firm,.
3122	BEIJING — Chinese Premier Li Keqiang says China has made solid progress in fighting the coronavirus outbreak, but must “redouble our efforts to minimize the losses … and fulfill the targets and tasks for economic and social development this year.”
3123	BEIJING, Feb 19: The death toll from China’s new coronavirus epidemic jumped to 2,000 on Wednesday after 132 more people died in Hubei province, the hard-hit epicentre of the outbreak.
3124	Beijing is also suspicious of arms control as a tool for the strong to undermine the security of the weak.
3125	Being able to play under pressure is something that separates the good teams from the great teams.
3126	Being a former minister does not and cannot confer on him the ‘Office of Inspector of State Projects’.
3127	Being a health worker she was worried enough to ask a Carnival staffer if it was OK to catch a train.
3128	Being a mother isn’t very different in principle.
3129	Being a part of the royalty means that you have security guards with you at all times, and now that is not the case for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.
3130	Being a royal firstborn, Zuko was groomed for leadership from an early age, from handling complex logistics to public relations and making decrees to listening to advisors on what to do next.
3131	Being back in the town of Buckaroo, the home of serial killers, feels right and satisfies the return to my horror roots that I craved," Williamson said.
3132	Being busy was somehow being important, but maybe people have realised that busyness is essentially an anaesthetic to feeling.”
3133	Being caring, covers a lot of areas.
3134	“Being close to K.J. and Jacob (Freeman) and all of them growing up, and just to see somebody achieving his dream and doing what he wants to do, it’s a great motivator,” Moon said.
3135	Being familiar and training with your firearm is as important as drinking water and eating.
3136	Being friends with a convict's sister, an ex-Imperial, and a demon who's made his way into ought to be enough as red flags.
3137	“Being on a sports team, you always have a family around that you can count on for anything.
3138	“Being out there, at one with nature, is so special,” Brooks says.
3139	Being set up as a public company, confers the transparency and corporate governance standards which foreign investors require.”
3140	Being the Bachelor has been the most incredible experience of my life.
3141	Being the drama queen that she is, McGowan added, “You are the season of darkness.
3142	Being without power seems the only solution right now.”
3143	“Being xenophobic isn’t going to help you avoid the illness,” said Jasmine Nguyen, a student at California State University Dominguez Hills.
3144	BEIRUT - The U.S. Treasury on Friday slapped sanctions on Lebanon’s former foreign minister and a leading Christian political ally of the militant Hezbollah group, singling him out for what it said was his role in corruption.
3145	Be kind to yourself, sending lots of love and light to you, Aoife Mc Manus.
3146	BelAZ accounts for some 30% of the world market of haul trucks with an extremely large carrying capacity.
3147	Belgian foreign minister Sophie Wilmes announced on Saturday that she was infected with the virus, most likely received within family.
3148	Belgium said Wednesday that new infections and hospital admissions have started to stabilize after measures like closing pubs and restaurants were introduced weeks ago.
3149	BELGRADE: Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic has enrolled in a sports college to fulfil what he called his boyhood dream of becoming a basketball coach.
3150	Belichick didn’t really have much to add to discussions about New England’s offensive struggles this season, just saying that the team was focused on their Week 17 game with the 2-13 New York Jets.
3151	Believe me, I sample them all.
3152	Believing in one nation under God, in God we trust.
3153	Bella used three heart-eye emoji to express her feelings about the image, while Paris reacted to it with a trio of fire emoji.
3154	Bellinger just supplied another big moment in a game full of them.
3155	Bells chime throughout the tearoom signaling that tea time is coming to a close.
3156	Below are some commonly overlooked expenses that can cause you to throw in the towel on your budget each month.
3157	Below are the results of the comparison.
3158	Below is our updated list of the latest Cyber Monday headphone deals and earbuds deals for today.
3159	Below, we spoke to Emma Lewisham about bringing her New Zealand cult-favorite beauty brand to the US and setting a new standard for the industry.
3160	BEMIDJI, Minn. -- Residents of GoldPine Home had their day brightened on Thursday, April 23, when two horses and a donkey paid them a visit … through their windows, of course.
3161	Bemidji’s seniors share one final moment on the court.
3162	BEMIDJI -- The Bemidji League of Women Voters will hold a question and answer session with candidates for mayor and city council from 10 a.m. to noon on Saturday, July 11, at Cameron Park, 2609 Birchmont Drive NE.
3163	Ben Avon — Saturday, Oct. 31 from 6-8 p.m.
3164	Ben Bray directed the episode written by Keto Shimizu & James Eagan."
3165	Bencini was asked to resign on September 9, 1977, and the post of the commissioner was filled by John Cachia, who served till March 28, 1980.
3166	Ben DiNucci and Garrett Gilbert started the previous two games at QB, respectively, the first career start for each.
3167	Benefytt Technologies () is one of 20 publicly-traded companies in the “Insurance agents, brokers, & service” industry, but how does it contrast to its competitors?
3168	Bengaluru, Mumbai and Delhi NCR are the top three regions with people with stronger networks, with Bengaluru leading the national average, it added.
3169	Benjamin grows up surrounded by old people, and it’s easy for him to blend in due to his appearance, even though he’s not exactly an old man on the inside.
3170	Benny Gantz has resumed his powers as defense minister after undergoing back surgery earlier today, his office says.
3171	Benny Gantz, second left in red beret, and Gabi Ashkenazi, left, visiting the Western Wall during the IDF chief of staff handover ceremony on February 14, 2011.
3172	Ben Stokes (2-47) broke the partnership - Pretorius steering an edge to gully, where Crawley took a fine catch - before Wood blasted out the final two South African batsmen on the stroke of lunch.
3173	Bentley's solar car port, the largest in the U.K., can generate enough energy for more than 1,750 homes.
3174	Benton sophomore Isabelle Russell was the runner-up in the girls race.
3175	Ben wasn’t quite sure exactly what to do with it at the time, but he called his company “DONE!
3176	Be patient—it may take months to find someone you find attractive who is interested in the kind of relationship you’re looking for and able to have according to your wife’s comfort levels and your other obligations.
3177	Berkeley City Council members will vote Tuesday on whether to place a City Charter amendment measure from the Police Review Commission, or PRC, on the Nov. 3 general municipal election ballot.
3178	Berlin and others suspect Lindahl is responsible for other homicides and rapes and are trying to determine if any of the unidentified females whose photographs were found in Lindahl’s home were also victims.
3179	BERLIN - The German economy bounced back strongly in the third quarter compared to the previous three months, when the country was hit by the first wave of the coronavirus pandemic, according to official figures released Friday.
3180	Bermuda grass growth started to slow due to cooler temperatures.
3181	Bernard King (January 1984) and Johnny Newman (January 1988) were also 11-of-11 from the field.
3182	“Bernie Sanders, I think, is the only candidate in the Democratic Party who can do that.
3183	Berry backed out of the role and apologized, “As a cisgender woman, I now understand that I should not have considered this role and that the transgender community should undeniably have the opportunity to tell their own stories.”
3184	Berwick fell to 0-8.
3185	Be safe and have a happy Halloween!
3186	Besides, Air India’s 100 per cent stake in budget airline Air India Express and 50 per cent shareholding in AISATS, an equal joint venture with Singapore Airlines, have also been offered.
3187	Besides, Ghannouchi reiterated the HPR's solidarity with President of the Energy Committee and President of the Free Destourian Party Abir Moussi who had been subject to terrorist threats, calling for the initiation of an investigation into this case.
3188	Besides, he simply did not care.
3189	Besides his own posts, Mr Trump has retweeted several people who have highlighted the crimes of General Soleimani.
3190	Besides, it would provide world-class service experience to passengers and also help in reducing the supply demand deficit.
3191	Besides, most of the world find the American appetite for disassembled, plastic-wrapped animal parts equally strange.
3192	Besides, public debts were equivalent to 49.4% of the gross domestic product while the financial discipline capped public debts’ proportion at 60% of GDP, Mr Arkhom said.
3193	Besides that, the phone is rumoured to be powered by a Li-Po 3,800 mAh non-removable battery along with 18 W fast charger.
3194	Besides the episode, the home media release also includes never-before-seen bonus content.
3195	Besides, the German Greens have long worked to change from a monothematic eco-party to a people’s party.
3196	Besides them, only Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester City, Blackburn Rovers, Leicester City, and most recently Liverpool have managed to win the toughest league in the world.
3197	Besides the presidential race, 27 congressional seats are at stake in Florida.
3198	Besides the property owners allied with Heideman, at least four prominent environmental groups are raising objections.
3199	“Besides the rain, the other aspect of this storm that we are keeping a close eye on is the freezing rain.”
3200	“Besides, there are narrow alleys in the village, where it is difficult for a hearse van or ambulance to pass through,” he said.
3201	Besides, the subsidy is now available only for locally made passenger cars below 300,000 yuan.
3202	Bessler's cold symptoms gave way to a fever.
3203	Best believe the two matches will be compared on Monday morning.
3204	Best Buy has launched a new SteelBook version that packages both films together in 4K for $27.99.
3205	Best Buy, Walmart, Target, and Amazon all have on many Roomba vacuum models right now, which means you don’t have to wait until the actual event tomorrow.
3206	Best of luck in these trying times.
3207	Best Original Screenplay nominee also received critical praise and brought in $300 million worldwide with its humble $40 million production budget.
3208	Be sure to bury the head after you cut it off.
3209	Be sure to store all matches and lighters safely after each candle lighting; kids may find them if left out.
3210	Beth's relationship with Harry Beltik (Harry Melling) was rather one-sided, with him having stronger feelings for her than she had for him.
3211	Bette knew that she had some personal problems to sort out and that her loneliness might one day drive her mad.
3212	Better regulation such as Startup Acts to support local entrepreneurs and investors, where regulation needs to be open and conducive to innovation.
3213	“Better,” she answered.
3214	Better still is that the days when you had to pay dearly for a quality chair are behind us; below, we’ve gathered up the best cheap gaming chair deals you can score online right now.
3215	Better this happen to him than he run over and kill one of my children or himself for that matter.
3216	Better to do it properly once than to slack off too early and undo all that has been achieved so far.
3217	Better yet, why not do an article to expose the deliberate fraud behind the artificial terminology “assault weapon.”
3218	Bettors will recall the Bulldogs entered that game as 24.5-point favorites.
3219	Betts broke for home on Max Muncy’s grounder to first, sliding in safely, headfirst, ahead of Yandy Diaz’s throw.
3220	Betty and Daniel have always been a little too involved in each other’s lives, at least in terms of what Human Resources might suggest, but this is the first time it presents a real problem for them.
3221	Between 1689 and 1713, every settlement east of Wells was wiped out, its inhabitants fleeing first to the offshore islands and then to Massachusetts proper, where the streets were often choked with refugees from “the Eastern territories.”
3222	Between 1934 and 1947, the United States commissioned fourteen fast battleships and thirty-one large aircraft carriers.
3223	Between 2012-18, the city saw an 11% increase in the median price of rent as well as a 24% increase in median home value.
3224	Between emergency visits to the office and farm calls throughout rural Georgia, this special team is constantly bombarded with unique cases.
3225	Between July to November, exports slightly increased by 2.11pc to $9.737bn, from $9.536bn over the corresponding months of last year.
3226	Between September 2019 and March of this year, French schools recorded more than 900 “violations of secularism”, according to data published by the Education Ministry.
3227	Between sword play and word play, the question remains as to whom Roxane will choose as her true love.
3228	Be very, very careful,” said the host.
3229	Beware of scammers posing as City officials.
3230	Beware, technical gibberish ahead!
3231	Be wary if they quickly ask you to move to WhatsApp or Google Hangout.
3232	Bexar County Sheriff's Office Police have arrested a local teen accused of shooting another youth in the face.
3233	Beyoncé drops surprise single ‘Black Parade’ on Juneteenth – The Associated Press https://t.
3234	Beyoncé is feeling the love from fans after dropping her latest visual album.
3235	Beyond 94: Where is Canada at with reconciliation?
3236	Beyond close relatives, what do millions of us really know about the needs, values and lives of people at different stages of life from ourselves?
3237	Beyond looking for just alternatives to generate more revenue, start from adjusting your balance sheet.
3238	Beyond support, the words used were, “We stand together, we are one country.”
3239	Beyond that 100-foot barrier, voter intimidation may occur and has been promoted by Trump.
3240	Beyond that, it’s just us (me, Aakriti Mehrotra — fellow founder and Joseph Sebastian — co-founder whose brainchild this server is) picking music that we’ve personally enjoyed.”
3241	Beyond this, during test sessions, computer vision algorithms verify examinees’ identities (via their webcams) and tests are automatically canceled if they attempt to access external apps or plugins.
3242	Bezras Hashem we should see Moshiach now in the third Beis Hamikdash and to celebrate Sholosh Regalim, all together in Yerushalim.
3243	BG Staffing, Inc provides workforce solutions and placement services in the United States.
3244	Bhakharwadi will witness a dramatic leap and entry of a mischievous kid, son of the lead couple, into the lives for the Gokhale and Thakkar families.
3245	Bharti Axa had a 1.7% market share in financial year 2020, with a 3.3% share in motor OD.
3246	Bhat helps fellow Pandits too and has raised money for the Hee Maa Public School in Jammu’s Jagti locality where a huge population of Kashmiri Pandit migrants live.
3247	Bhopal, Oct 11 : Girls in Madhya Pradesh have not only fought a long-drawn battle against the coronavirus pandemic but have also carved a niche for themselves.
3248	Bhubaneswar: The India Meteorological Department (IMD), Monday, forecast heavy rainfall in the coastal districts of Cuttack, Jajpur, Jagatsingpur, Kendrapada and Puri in the next two days.
3249	Bhutan Hyundai Motors estimates that the business has been down by 50 percent.
3250	BidaskClub downgraded CSG Systems International from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Friday, October 23rd.
3251	BidaskClub downgraded shares of PacWest Bancorp from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Friday, January 10th.
3252	BidaskClub upgraded Freshpet from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 17th.
3253	BidaskClub upgraded shares of Lendingtree from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday.
3254	Biddeford field hockey coach Caitlin Tremberth huddles with her team during preseason scrimmages last summer.
3255	Biden appears to be leading now.
3256	Biden attorney John Devaney said tossing any ballots in just those two counties would be a violation of the Constitution’s equal protection clause.
3257	Biden, briefly appearing in front of supporters in Delaware early Wednesday, urged patience, saying the election "ain’t over until every vote is counted, every ballot is counted.”
3258	Biden came into office as vice president a dozen years ago under the weight of the financial crisis, and now he's going to be facing another uphill battle.
3259	Biden claimed victory nationally with 51.4%, or 81.3 million, votes to Trump’s 46.9%, with 74.2 million votes.
3260	Biden, he says, will not shy away from confrontations.
3261	Biden is again considered to be the candidate with the best shot at beating Trump.
3262	Biden is not likely to get many votes from committed Republicans.
3263	Biden is thought to be keen to re-orientate towards Germany and France, so Britain is no longer the “centre of gravity” for the US in Europe.
3264	Biden leads by 1.5 points in the RealClearPolitics polling average of North Carolina.
3265	Biden made a threat to countries that will not follow his environmental agenda warning Brazil “you’re gonna have significant economic consequences” if it continues tearing down forests.
3266	Biden, meanwhile, marked his latest victories in the Democratic primary race in from his home in Wilmington, Delaware, speaking for six minutes in front of a black curtain with no audience.
3267	Biden of kissing her, touching her and penetrating her with his fingers without her consent.
3268	Biden promises strength in upcoming South Carolina, while former New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg was not on Tuesday's ballot but looms next month.
3269	Biden’s accusations all happened while he was a “public servant.”
3270	Biden’s campaign blasted the president’s remarks as “outrageous, unprecedented, and incorrect.”
3271	Biden should make a deal with Big Pharma, no covid vaccine until after the election.
3272	Biden's "Soul of the Nation" bus tour will stop in Waukesha Saturday morning.
3273	Biden’s victory was narrow, and appears at the moment not to include a Senate majority.
3274	Biden told the crowd their work makes a difference in an election where they are “literally fighting for our democracy.”
3275	Biden tweeted his well-wishes to the president and first lady on Friday morning.
3276	Biden will immediately move to undo many of Trump’s executive orders, including the current administration’s cuts to social services.
3277	Biden wins by single-digits: Polling in the final days of the race here have been all over the place.
3278	Biden would also start combating the coronavirus right away.
3279	Big Brother Naija star, went on vacation to Dubai and she’s walking us through a night of fun.
3280	“Big hit and good for him for grinding and grinding,” Hughes said of Phillips.
3281	Big isn’t always better, but cloud providers are making sure they cover all bases with their new datacentre regions and increased availability zones.
3282	Big Joke revealed: “I’m not a businessman, I was a policeman.
3283	Big love and full power to you."
3284	Big news: Another annual event is going to look different this year thanks to the pandemic.
3285	Big White Ski Resort confirmed Sunday afternoon that it will continue operating.
3286	“Big win for our very elite US special forces today,” Donald Trump wrote on Twitter.
3287	Bill Birtles, the ABC's Beijing correspondent, and Mike Smith, the Shanghai correspondent, were the last accredited reporters for Australian media based in mainland China.
3288	Bill Eisenhauer, Victoria's head of engagement, points out that the tribunal found the city acted in good faith when the bus stops were installed, and said staff have been working on solutions to make them more accessible.
3289	Billionaire businessman and Africa’s richest man, Aliko Dangote has tested negative for coronavirus.
3290	Billionaire wealth has increased dramatically while our Elders are being hung out to dry.
3291	Bill sponsor Erin Grall, R-Vero Beach, downplayed the mostly party-line votes on the amendments.
3292	Bill was quite the jokester.
3293	Billy may end up saving the day and making Amanda realize pushing him away was the wrong call.
3294	Billy was one of the original bartenders at the Bluebird.
3295	Billy went for a cover, but Rembrandt kicked out at two.
3296	Binance Coin (BNB) traded 4.7% higher against the dollar and now trades at $31.41 or 0.00136661 BTC.
3297	Binance Coin (BNB) traded down 1.8% against the dollar and now trades at $28.46 or 0.00210910 BTC.
3298	Biola Kosegbe and General Manager, New Towns Development Authority, Tpl.
3299	Biomerica had a negative return on equity of 65.75% and a negative net margin of 47.06%.
3300	BioNTech and Pfizer had been working together on a flu vaccine since 2018, and in March, they agreed to collaborate on a coronavirus vaccine.
3301	BioShock takes place in 1960, where Jack, the sole survivor of a plane crash in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, discovers the entrance to the recluse underwater city of Rapture, following a civil war which left most of it in disrepair.
3302	Biran told the Blade the worst of the police crackdown against protesters took place before she arrived in Minsk.
3303	Birbiglia explores his ambivalence about parenthood in the new book, The New One: Painfully True Stories from a Reluctant Dad.
3304	Birdchain (CURRENCY:BIRD) traded up 23.5% against the U.S. dollar during the 24-hour period ending at 23:00 PM Eastern on November 19th.
3305	Birmingham told Mumbrella that Which-50 and Boardroom have worked together on a number of similar projects in the lead up to the sale.
3306	Birth control must be made more accessible to women in every walk of life, and we have the means to make it happen.
3307	Bishop Cullinan said the country should remember that Easter was “a time to remember the sacrifice of Jesus Christ and that suffering with love leads to greater glory”.
3308	Bishop Wambunya resigned citing health and family issues.
3309	Bitcoin has now found a temporary floor of around $8,500 after its slide lower this past week.
3310	Bitcoin Interest (BCI) traded 0.6% lower against the dollar and now trades at $0.0042 or 0.00000045 BTC.
3311	Bitcoin SV (BSV) traded up 4.8% against the dollar and now trades at $171.22 or 0.00924355 BTC.
3312	BitcoinZ (BTCZ) traded 25.3% higher against the dollar and now trades at $0.0001 or 0.00000001 BTC.
3313	Biting the skin off my thumbs.
3314	Bitsetse is one of the dancing attires for the candidates.
3315	BitShares’ total supply is 3,002,400,000 coins.
3316	Bit Trust System (BIUT) traded up 6.8% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0100 or 0.00000192 BTC.
3317	Björg had not been seen since April 13th.
3318	BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi also said that the state has insulted the constitution and parliament by passing the resolution.
3319	BJP MLA Arvind Raiyani caught spitting in kitchen where food is being prepared for needy people in Rajkot, Gujarat.
3320	BJ's Restaurants, Inc owns and operates casual dining restaurants in the United States.
3321	Black everywhere, no stars or moon above.
3322	Black is the longest-running contributor to 'The Daily Show'.
3323	“Black Lives Matter is an organization of white men, using the faces of dead black people, to raise millions of dollars toward electing white Democrats into positions of power,” Owens declared in the Sept. 23 tweet.
3324	BLACKPINK expresses their thanks to Selena Gomez for participating in this album and is excited to share the new song with fans.”
3325	BlackRock Inc. grew its position in Meridian Bioscience by 1.0% in the third quarter.
3326	Black tights or fitted pants, tailored shirts with collars, and sheath dresses with little hoods from Vin + Omi – two designers I’ve been working with from London who make some really interesting, unusual pieces.
3327	Blagojevich’s op-ed was published by Newsmax, a self-described conservative news website.
3328	Blair Conwright gets the long bomb pass from Sawyer Robertson!
3329	Blair returns a pair of national champs in Ryan Miller and Danny Wask, and two second-place finishers in Shayne Van Ness and Peyton Craft.
3330	Blair William & Co. IL owned approximately 0.20% of Aberdeen Standard Physical Silver Shares ETF worth $1,153,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
3331	Blantyre District director of health and social services Dr. Gift Kawalazira on Wednesday also acknowledged receiving reports of the alleged bribery.
3332	Blessed"; "The Walrus and the Whistleblower" by Nathalie Bibeau; and Elizabeth St. Philip's "9/11 Kids."
3333	Bless our healthcare workers in the front lines.
3334	BLIND ITEM: You Are Not The Father!
3335	Blink and you'll miss it as nearly all first starters lock horns over the scamper trip.
3336	BlitzPredict has a total market capitalization of $95,256.00 and approximately $215.00 worth of BlitzPredict was traded on exchanges in the last 24 hours.
3337	Blitz saffron with the stock in a food processor, then add to the pan with the wine and Worcestershire sauce.
3338	BLM protests were hosted in Birmingham again today, as demonstrations continue in the wake of George Floyd's death.
3339	Blood clots in veins can occur at any age, and people at risk include those who are sick, injured or unable to walk for a period of time, and women who take birth control pills.
3340	Blood Oxygen monitoring estimates the amount of oxygen in your blood.
3341	“Bloodshot” has a lot of failings that you find in many so-bad-it’s-good movies.
3342	Bloomberg has an initiative that speaks truth to power called the GREENWOOD INITIATIVE: Economic Justice for Black America.
3343	Bloomberg media reports that a key bondholder group is set to reject Zambia’s request for an interest-payment holiday, putting the country on course to become the first African sovereign defaulter since the onset of the coronavirus pandemic.
3344	Bloomberg Super Bowl: Every Child ‘Has a Right to Live’
3345	Bluesky is described as an innovative and unique service providing individual programmes of therapy to young children experiencing development delays, including autism.
3346	Blythe Mills is ready to run for Pirates.
3347	BMIT Technologies plc also closed the day flat at the €0.525 level across 92,374 shares.
3348	BMO Capital Markets decreased their target price on shares of Ross Stores from $100.00 to $93.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a research note on Friday, August 21st.
3349	BNP secretary general Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir on Saturday said they will rejuvenate people to stage a ‘mass upsurge’ to free their chairperson Khaleda Zia from jail.
3350	Board meetings can be stormy.
3351	Board members are using him to assess how well bank executives are interacting with regulators, prosecutors, etc. He won’t be lobbying for DB,” Enrich tweeted.
3352	Boateng is now on loan at Turkish giants Besiktas after moving to Fiorentina at the end of his stint at Barcelona.
3353	Boat sales slumped, and people stopped taking their usual fishing trips.
3354	Bobby Kenneth Clifton, 86, of Dumas, died peacefully with his family around him on Tuesday afternoon October 13, 2020.
3355	“Bob, can you just give us a little more detail on the permitting process?
3356	Bob is 88. It has been 70 years since he started at the Globe, which is almost a record.
3357	Body cam video shows one of the officers putting his knee on the neck, shoulder and back of the face-down Coffman, who yelled “Get off me.”
3358	Body of woman found bagged, floating in…
3359	Boebert’s website states she “believes in personal freedom, citizen rights, and upholding the Constitution of the United States.”
3360	Boeing cutting more than 12,000 U.S. jobs, thousands more planned-
3361	Boeing, in a statement, said it has cooperated with the investigation and made “robust improvements” to the flight control system.
3362	Boeing’s action is unforgiven, too.
3363	Boeing, which calls itself America’s largest exporter, has some 150,000 employees worldwide, nearly half of whom are clustered around marquee factories in Seattle’s Puget Sound region.
3364	Boga gathered the ball near the halfway line, beat two Torino players, before unleashing a shot from 25 yards straight into the top right corner.
3365	Bohm and Howard should be exciting to track throughout the spring.
3366	Boiles said he likes the location because not only does he get to learn from the Army, but the unit is so small, he can learn about the jobs of his fellow Airmen.
3367	Boise State was 7-1 in Bachmeierâ€™s starts.
3368	Bokamoso Tlagodi (6): “I got R50 inside my mom’s shoe.”
3369	Bola Tinubu commiserates with Buhari over death of nephew.
3370	Bollywood movie Jawaani Jaaneman starring Saif Ali Khan as the father of a debutant Alaya Furniturewala.
3371	Bolsonaro, a former army captain who has been criticized for previously praising Brazil's brutal 1964-85 military dictatorship, also attended the protest.
3372	BOMB has a total market capitalization of $586,055.00 and approximately $63,744.00 worth of BOMB was traded on exchanges in the last 24 hours.
3373	BONNY DOON, Calif. (AP) — As wildfires rage throughout California turning forests and homes into kindling, some firefighters are badly short-staffed, and some residents are taking matters into their own hands.
3374	Bonuses paid to Armenian healthcare workers at the frontline of the fight against the pandemic have cost the state an additional 826 million drams.
3375	Bonus: They're sugar free.
3376	Booker T. Washington strongly believed in southern African-Americans using the skilled trades to thrive in their rural communities.
3377	Book your place at our virtual Q&As 28 July: your gateway to a brilliant https://t.
3378	Border points are critical for us because we are seeing more and more positive people who if not tested will be able to come into the country and spread the virus," said Dr Aman.
3379	Borg also faced the prospect of an additional one-year imprisonment in terms of a previous suspended sentence which, however, “had been misplaced and could not be found” as recorded in the acts of the proceedings.
3380	Borgerding averaged 14.3 points, 6.3 rebounds, 4.6 assists and 2.2 steals per game for Spring Valley as he helped lead the Cardinals to a second-place finish in the DSC.
3381	Borghi is likely to get more rushing attempts under the new Washington coach Nick Rolovich.
3382	BorgWarner has a 1-year low of $30.71 and a 1-year high of $46.60.
3383	Boris Johnson insists the NHS will not be overwhelmed by a second wave of coronavirus this winter, saying the government has put in record investment and already recruited more doctors and nurses.
3384	Boris Johnson is now very wary, perhaps from his own experience, of playing “catch up" yet again if the virus really gets out of control and there are yet more tragic deaths.
3385	Boris’s optimism will now be needed as never before, and his return to Downing Street has already filled the leadership vacuum.
3386	Born in Kearny, Carol was a lifelong resident.
3387	Born in Kearny, he had lived in North Arlington for many years.
3388	Born into a family of musicians of Italian origin, his last major role was in Nanni Moretti’s “We Have a Pope” in 2011, where he played a pontiff crippled by panic attacks.
3389	Born in Troy, Alabama, and the son of sharecroppers, Lewis began civil rights activism at a young age.
3390	Born on April 13, 1960, Bamiloye founded Mount Zion on August 5, 1985.
3391	Borrell said earlier on Monday he did not expect a deal because Vienna was still blocking.
3392	Borrowing themes from his previous films—children of failed marriages; characters whose bookish smarts seem to work against them; a floating sense of fatalism—The Squid and the Whale creeps ever closer to Noah Baumbach’s own tempestuous past.
3393	Borthakur Pronit Kumar After Sushant Singh Rajput's demise, Netizens troll Mahesh Bhatt on social media as his old pictures withâ€¦ https://t.
3394	Bosses had improved training and communication, the report said.
3395	BOSTON (AP) — Three more students from Iran attending New England colleges have filed civil rights complaints with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, saying they were mistreated and illegally denied entry into the country.
3396	BOSTON — Over 130 Latinx elected officials and community leaders today released a letter highlighting how Ed Markey has delivered for Latinx and immigrant communities across the state and country.
3397	Boston Police later identified him as 22-year-old Justin Arnold of Everett.
3398	Boston’s modest three-game run comes on the heels of a nine-game losing streak.
3399	Both alerts remain in place until 3am tomorrow morning.
3400	Both a paper sack drawing and two or three photos from Glen Canyon (the only photographs ever exhibited by Georgia O’Keeffe) have been on display along with her masterpiece floral collection in her museum in Santa Fe.
3401	Both are among numerous men who participate in a programme by SmartEco Blockchain Solutions and Reggae Breeze.
3402	Both are a study in light – without light neither would be possible.”
3403	Both are class D felony charges.
3404	Both are designed to go on the road and power big, open spaces with lots of full-range sound, but the Tufton totally eclipses the Move when outdoors.
3405	Both are now recovering at home.
3406	Both Australia and Argentina still have a mathematical chance of wresting the title away from New Zealand but the Wallabies would need to win by 101 points and the Pumas by 93.
3407	Both businesses posted their closures via their Facebook pages.
3408	Both campaigns made stops there yesterday, as the state looks to be in play.
3409	Both can have long-term and sometimes severe effects on service members’ lives, affecting their ability to work, manage basic living tasks, and interact with others – even with their own families.
3410	Both countries announced the ceasefire in identical statements.
3411	Both Democrats and Republicans appeared hard-pressed Friday to end a stalemate that has lasted more than a week over President Donald Trump’s request to add $250 billion to a small-business loan program.
3412	Both denied roles in the post-election violence.
3413	Both districts have opted to split their classes into two cohorts that will be on campus part-time.
3414	Both EPs serve as a precursor to Peretti’s forthcoming full-length album, which is expected later this year.
3415	Both Fine Gael and Fianna Fail said before the election that they would look to smaller parties to form what would likely be another minority government - requiring support of the other from the opposition benches via a "confidence and supply deal."
3416	Both Fortney and Johnson have two grandchildren living with them in their home.
3417	Both Fruman and Parnas face criminal charges over political scandals and have tried to cooperate with prosecutors in hopes of leniency.
3418	Both groups are also involved in abducting high-profile people like aid workers for money.
3419	Both Hamilton Holt and College of Liberal Arts professors will teach courses at a distance due to projections showing that the coronavirus may not peak in Florida until early or mid-May.
3420	Both have spent the past four years watching as President Trump dismantled their legacies, withdrawing the United States from the Paris Agreement and systematically weakening major climate change regulations.
3421	"Both her and Audrey Rodakowski both work really hard, are multifaceted athletes that can do a lot of things.
3422	Both high schools have named their rinks after him.
3423	Both houses must agree to the objection by a simple majority.
3424	Both houses of the Legislature have floated bills to lash back at the illicit callers, either through increased penalties or by forcing carriers to cut the calls off before they reach your phone.
3425	Both houses would have to sustain the objection, which won’t happen with Democrats in charge of the House.
3426	Both indexes are on track for their best week since April.
3427	Both Josh and Cathy chose to Stay.
3428	Both Judge Garland and Judge Griffith, the latter of whom sat on the panel for the original argument, spend the bulk of their allocated time on the appropriations power and the case.
3429	Both Jury and Karakhanyan have to put in a good outing if either man is going to be seen as a potential title challenger.
3430	Both leaders died this week of complications after contracting COVID-19.
3431	Both locations display the results of a lava flow from Mauna Loa that entered the Wailuku River channel about 10,000 years ago.
3432	Both Maggie Rogers and Leon Bridges snatched themselves spots on Barack Obama’s 2020 Summer Playlist.
3433	Both Manx and his daughter agree to take his wife out of the picture so they can achieve their Christmas-laced dreams.
3434	Both meetings discussed the 'Back to State' plan for fall of 2020.
3435	Both Melone and Field hope the news about the hornets will spike interest in insects.
3436	Both men said that their appreciation for one another has grown significantly since they’ve been sharing a home.
3437	Both men’s and women’s championship games will be held on Sunday at the same venue.
3438	Both men were taken into custody for murder pending their initial court appearance.
3439	Both Murphy and Marquand are a credit to their sport and families.
3440	Both Nancy and I were born in the Mitchell hospital.
3441	Both of these experiences hit the parks on Friday and are sure to keep the Disney magic alive and new for all park visitors.
3442	Both of these funds focus on tech-growth companies, but they do so in a tactical and disciplined manner.
3443	Both of these shorts provided a great way for fans waiting for more from the official franchise.
3444	Both of the twin-engine fighters flew over Andrews that day.
3445	Both parties are also waiting to come up with a hearing date.
3446	Both pieces were adorned with a distressed, fringe trim that further drew the eye to her sculpted silhouette.
3447	Both restaurants are in violation of the province safety regulations announcement on 31 May 2020 no.
3448	Both rosters are chock full of high-end speed.
3449	Both Samantha and Sadie are active in 4-H and with their schools’ National Honor Society chapters.
3450	Both sides are investing to deepen political, security, and economic ties.
3451	Both suspects appeared in the Oshakati Magistrate's Court and were denied bail.
3452	Both Taggart and Darling have Facebook pages.
3453	Both technical elements are housed within a plush foam and help create a new underfoot experience and sensation.
3454	Both the boys and girls semifinals and championship games will use replays in certain instances, with quarterfinals included once all quarterfinal games are broadcast in the arena or on television.
3455	Both the Civic Federation and the Civic Committee of the Commercial Club have previously expressed support for taxing retirement income.
3456	Both the Coquihalla and the Connector are expecting more snowfall.
3457	Both the insurgents and the Islamic State group are active in Kabul where tensions are also high ahead of the expected start of negotiations between an official Afghan delegation and the Taliban.
3458	"Both the male and female were not obeying my commands at first," the arrest report says.
3459	Both the number of new listings entered into TRREB’s MLS® System during the month and the number of active listings at the end of the August 2020 were up on a year-over-year basis.
3460	Both the VIP and mass market segments suffered in the second quarter, with the former falling 96% on a year-on-year basis and the latter declining 97%, according to the filing.
3461	Both top-down and bottom-up approaches were employed to estimate the complete market size.
3462	Both vessels are inaccessible to the public and no one is allowed off the ships.
3463	Both victims were transported to an area hospital for treatment of non-life threatening injures.
3464	Both were taken ashore for treatment last week after having prolonged fevers, and they ultimately tested positive for the newly identified virus, known officially as COVID-19.
3465	Both were viable ways to win championships.
3466	Both will oversee 120 men and women who will assist health care professionals.
3467	Both women agree the moment took a little while to fully sink in.
3468	“Bottom line, even if your son’s schools do everything right to protect them, they CAN’T PROTECT THEM!
3469	Bottom Line: June headline sales continued to show improvement and were above forecasts.
3470	BOTTOM LINE: Wright State looks for its sixth straight conference win against Illinois-Chicago.
3471	Bottom row: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (L) and President Reuven Rivlin host a candle lighting ceremony for of the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah at the President’s residence in Jerusalem on December 18, 2014.
3472	Bourbon said there had been a mistake in translating the company's description in its marketing documents.
3473	Boustead Beef, which was said to be a British investor, entered into an agreement with the government last year to takeover and manage the CSC for 25 years.
3474	Boutin has won six individual gold medals in four World Cups this season.
3475	Bowie was the executive director of Being Alive, whose stated mission is "to end HIV by ending stigma, engaging people in wellness, removing barriers to care, and restoring dignity."
3476	Bowing to those pressures on Friday, Zuckerberg announced policies aimed at better policing content on the site.
3477	Bowser adopted her daughter Miranda in 2018 — when she’d already been in office for more than three years — making her the first single mother to be DC’s mayor.
3478	Boy, 13, has a 2ft long electrical cable stuck in his.
3479	Boycott campaigns are legitimate.
3480	Boylan is expected to turn himself into authorities in the coming weeks.
3481	Boylen said it was up to him to get Markkanen taking advantage of the opportunities.
3482	‘Boys seem to follow a negative trend line that indicates slow but steady learning on what might be considered “reasonable expectations”,’ Dr Piehlmaier said.
3483	Boy they didn’t give Bro any help for that opening promo.
3484	BPD said that possible criminal offenses had taken place prior to the officers’ arrival and that both groups eventually left the area.
3485	Brabin became known for her role as a clumsy waitress called Sandra opposite Only Fools N Horses star David Jason in the ITV sitcom A Bit of A Do in 1989.
3486	Brace yourself and conserve cash.
3487	Brad Dokken: Fish or cut bait?
3488	Bradley is the first ever double victim of the cheeky duo but viewers were confused and disappointed about the teaser because they have to wait until next week's show to see it in full.
3489	“Brad not only thinks she’s beautiful,” a so-called insider told the publication, “but she has him in stitches whenever they hang out together.”
3490	Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston’s dating history; when were they married again?
3491	Brad Sher, Omaha, Neb.: “You have to write about both.
3492	Brady said after Saturday’s Wild Card loss to the Tennessee Titans that it’s “
3493	Bragging, Page had shared the video on social media networking site Snapchat with the words: “Man tries to violate me.”
3494	Brandon Copeland had 12 tackles this season.
3495	Brantly was first introduced to the festival in 2010.
3496	Brawling through the hallway again, Orton with a rake of the eye and the tide turns in his favor again.
3497	Brazil also passed 20,000 deaths on Thursday and has 310,087 confirmed cases, up over 18,500 in a single day, according to Health Ministry data.
3498	Brazil defender Dante says Pele is ‘a true inspiration’
3499	Brazil's benchmark Ibovespa stock index fell after Bolsonaro's announcement, and closed 1.2% down on the day.
3500	Brazil’s Supreme Court on Monday gave the green light for the top public prosecutor to investigate the allegations against Bolsonaro of interfering in law enforcement.
3501	Brazil were on their way to the World Cup semi-final on home soil.
3502	‘Bread can be a trigger for people with irritable bowel syndrome due to some of the fermentable substances found naturally in yeast-based bread,’ says Collins.
3503	Breakdowns (UCLF) were at 13 119MW as at 5.45am this morning (6 January).
3504	Breaking bread, reasoning and laughing with Baroness Doreen Lawrence was quite remarkable, this Queen, strength, integrity, diligence, compassion and love seems endless.
3505	Breaking down shipments of a frozen vaccine for rural areas or small groups of essential workers — without compromising their temperature — will be another headache, Swann said.
3506	BREAKING: Spain’s daily coronavirus death toll remains below 100 for fourth…
3507	Breaking these new restrictions mean fines of £200 (£100 if paid within 14 days), doubling for each incident up to £3,200.
3508	Breaking through the western dominance of top jobs at the IMF and World Bank, for example, may be hard but though Asia has had potential candidates there is scant evidence of common fronts.
3509	Breakthrough quilters and also embroiderers will definitely fall in love with the Bernina 530 sewing machine.
3510	Breath of the Wild 2 is presumably taking place in the same version of Hyrule as the first game, but that doesn't mean there won't be changes.
3511	Brehmer was told by the judge he would serve two-thirds of his sentence in jail and the rest on licence.
3512	Brenda has just revealed to Mark that she has slept with a woman, twice, and can’t say she won’t do it again.
3513	“Brendan is a true leader who recognizes the role Irish America played in building our country, and the importance of the special relationship shared by the United States and Ireland,” said Judge McKay of the JFK Medal recipient.
3514	Brendan Kruchowski followed with a single and scored on Zach Hocking’s RBI double to put Park Rapids in front.
3515	Brent crude was up $1.02 at $69.62 a barrel, having rise almost 6% since before the Iranian general’s killing.
3516	Brent Leerdam, territorial tax collector in the Real Property Tax Division of the Office of the Lieutenant Governor, said the legislation was in line with what Lt. Gov. Tregenza Roach has already done.
3517	Bressler said social media companies could do more to protect users from cyber flashing.
3518	“Brett always does a good job,” Polfus said.
3519	Brett explained he didn't see the point in trying to make things work when they clearly had "fundamental problems" and simply "want different things out of life."
3520	Brett Giroir on Monday hammered home the point that the United States has surpassed South Korea — considered by when it comes to national coronavirus responses — in COVID-19 tests per capita.
3521	Brett Rypien wore his Cinderella shoes to his first big NFL dance.
3522	Brett Veach also received a handful of votes for Executive of the Year, although that top award went to Eric DeCosta of the Ravens as well.
3523	Brewster adds the game has grown by leaps and bounds over the past two decades.
3524	BREXIT DAY: Why Lord Menzies Campbell believes ‘Leaving the EU is completely against our better interests’
3525	Brexit: Scottish fish producers hindered by recruitment ‘mess’
3526	Brexit uncertainty has been largely to blame for a period of tepid growth.
3527	Brian used to drink a gallon of milk and four large servings of cottage cheese a day in an attempt to build bulk.
3528	“BRICS states could announce further coordination in their approaches to aiding other states, states with weaker healthcare systems than those of BRICS states.”
3529	BRIDGETOWN, Barbados, CMC - A suspected gas leak Wednesday disrupted operations at the Grantley Adams international Airport here.
3530	Bridget Slocum, barrister for Berndale’s liquidators, even asked D'Amore if, during a recess in the proceedings, he had spoken with Venditti.
3531	Bridgeway Capital Management Inc. boosted its holdings in Community Trust Bancorp by 21.7% during the second quarter.
3532	Briefly, in 1939, when Joe Sr was US ambassador to London, there was talk that he would be the Kennedy to make it to the White House.
3533	Brigadier Caroline Lindiwe Dlamini received the memorandum on behalf of the seven KwaMhlanga Cluster police stations.
3534	Brightside” by The Killers since it implies a bright side, and because everyone is going to sing along to it.
3535	Brighu converted himself into a tiny bird and went around just Shiva alone excluding Parvati.
3536	Brimley’s manager Lynda Bensky said the actor died on Saturday morning in a Utah hospital.
3537	Bring a photo ID to pick up items.
3538	Bring back, argue for, challenge”.
3539	Bring on the waterworks.
3540	Bring photo ID and proof of Social Security numbers for everyone listed on the return.
3541	Bring some cash to make a donation to help pay for licensing and labor costs.
3542	Brisbane residents can report fallen to the council on 3403 8888 or fallen powerlines to Energex on 13 19 62. The SES is available on 132 500 but triple zero should be called in an emergency.
3543	Britain and Ireland hunkered down Sunday for a powerful storm expected to disrupt air, rail and sea links, cancel sports events, cut electrical power and damage property.
3544	Britain needs 'far more ventilators' despite Government efforts to ramp up supply.
3545	Britain officially joined what was then called the European Economic Community on 1 January 1973, following Parliament voting 301-284 in favour of joining which took place the previous July.
3546	Britain's belligerent tabloid press urged Johnson to stand firm, and floated the prospect of Royal Navy vessels patrolling UK waters against intruding European vessels.
3547	Britain's European neighbours began closing their doors to travellers from the United Kingdom on Sunday amid alarm about the rapidly spreading strain of coronavirus that has caused cases to soar there.
3548	Britain's first black TV journalist, 79, who was called the n-word in complaints from viewers says she's.
3549	Britain should be telling Washington it needs to totally change its policy of maximum pressure and urgently re-focus on the previously successful strategy of engagement led by President Obama.
3550	Britain's immediate entitlement to benefits, healthcare, housing and the possibility of working soon after arriving are what makes Britain worth the hazardous journey, French officials claim.
3551	Britain's own prime minister, Boris Johnson, was hospitalized, 10 days after testing positive for COVID-19 in what his office described as a "precautionary step."
3552	Britain’s parliament should also accept any offer.
3553	Britain's Prime Minister Boris Johnson leaves 10 Downing Street on his way to the Houses of Parliament in London, Tuesday, Oct. 29, 2019.
3554	Britain's richest man Sir James Dyson reveals the electric.
3555	'British Airways faces £290,000 bill after running out of toilet roll'
3556	British students will to the popular Erasmus exchange program, which provided grants for study in European universities.
3557	Britney dated choreographer for about a year after her split from Justin.
3558	Brits have packed onto beaches as soaring temperatures offer a renewed glimpse of summer following lockdown.
3559	Broad, 34, joined the team for the second and third Tests and was one of England’s best performers as they fought back to claim the series 2-1.
3560	Broad ended as the team’s highest wicket-taker in their previous two Test series and he admitted the decision to drop him for Southampton Test was a hard one for him to understand.
3561	Broader Asian shares inched lower as fresh lockdowns in the UK to curb the spread of a new coronavirus strain and lack of a Brexit deal dampened investor sentiment."
3562	Broadway theaters will remain closed at least until June, and few believe any substantial comeback in the area will happen before that.
3563	Broccoli rabe with white beans.
3564	Brody King was spotlighted in a sit-down feature.
3565	Brody's bone marrow had stopped producing plasma, as well as red and white blood cells.
3566	Brokerages Set Casa Systems Inc PT at $9.
3567	Bronson’s father searched “exhaustively” for the car keys with Mr King’s help, but found nothing.
3568	Brooker and Jones have been in talks with the streaming giant since last summer, with discussions still ongoing.
3569	Brookline Bank has hired Peter Catal as a member of its business banking team.
3570	“Brooklyn and London are the same thing,” Pop told Complex magazine in early February.
3571	Broome County reports its biggest single-day jump in deaths from COVID-19 since the start of the pandemic but officials say the deaths happened over the course of several weeks.
3572	Brotherhood is a strikingly powerful family drama, set in rural Tunisia.
3573	Brothers Osborne – “I Don’t Remember Me (Before You)”
3574	Brown believes several of his players are candidates for the U.S. national team, and the exposure to the national coaches would be invaluable.
3575	Browne said that that is what his government is doing.
3576	Brown has gone back and forth on social media between apologizing for his antics and unloading on the NFL.
3577	Brown said he would hope to get a board of directors together to do some fundraising events to have some operating capital for the guild.
3578	Brown’s book is composed of a series of essays in which he explores the journey of the Black identity in a world of white privilege.
3579	Brown was known to be controlling and abusive.
3580	Bruce Rieker, Nebraska Farm Bureau vice president of governmental relations, notes LB1107 leaves the existing property tax credit relief fund intact.
3581	Bruna Rangel Lima is a model and social media personality.
3582	Brunei Darussalam yesterday continued its streak of no local transmission of COVID-19 cases for 210 days and entered the first day of no new cases, keeping the national tally of confirmed cases at 151.
3583	Brunel, 74, denied these claims but is being investigated by French prosecutors over allegations he supplied women for billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein.
3584	Brushy hairs on the uppermost petals resemble pollen-bearing anthers.
3585	BRUSSELS - EU leaders return for a tense third day of summit talks on Sunday amid a clash over the scale and rules of a huge planned coronavirus economic rescue package.
3586	Bryan concluded that summer-like conditions 'will create an environment (where) transmission can be decreased.'
3587	Bryan said that he’ll be a great champion if he defends the title every week.
3588	Bryk said there are some challenges.
3589	Bryson DeChambeau had an odd interaction with a PGA Tour official during the first round of the WGC-FedEx St. Jude Invitational in Tennessee on Thursday.
3590	BSU continued to preserve the lead in the third, never letting it slip under five and carrying a 58-51 edge into the final frame, but U-Mary dominated from then on.
3591	BSW Wealth Partners purchased a new position in Crispr Therapeutics in the second quarter worth $39,000.
3592	"BTECs are a really important part of our educational fabric and shouldn't be forgotten in our celebration of those who have been awarded them, or chasing for those who haven't yet got their results!"
3593	BTU Protocol (CURRENCY:BTU) traded 3.8% higher against the dollar during the 24-hour period ending at 23:00 PM E.T. on March 7th.
3594	Buckets full, head to the on-site tasting room to try Royal Farms’ wines and hard ciders.
3595	Budget 2020-21: The government must spend more on infrastructure to boost employment and spur economic growth in the upcoming budget, an ace global investor said.
3596	Budget shoppers who want a basic fitness tracker for steps, sleep, and overall fitness.
3597	Buelow has been charged with animal torture and is being held at the Polk County Jail on $2,000 bond.
3598	Buffett might’ve been averse to gold in the past, but he has bet big on metals before.
3599	Buhari had Intels that the new wave of kidnappings is politically sponsored.
3600	Build a solar oven, then cook with it.
3601	Bukoba Urban Constituency was led by Wilfred Lwakatare under Chama cha Demokrasia na Maendeleo (Chadema) who recently defected to the Civic United Front (CUF).
3602	Bulba is able to lure Darkwing into a trap and capture Gosalyn, but through some last-minute help by Launchpad (who Darkwing accepts as his sidekick) Bulba is confronted and defeated.
3603	Bulgaria to block EU negotiations with Skopje.
3604	“Bulletproof has a great fan base, the actors have a great following and we felt that as a show it would be stacked really well into an interactive form,” says Gadney.
3605	Bullock last starred in the Netflix film Bird Box.
3606	Bun’d Up just got new ice machines and Chung said he’s hoping to start with frozen drinks to test the waters.
3607	Burglary of a vehicle was reported in the 3800 block of Boyd.
3608	Burgos, a junior majoring in economics and minoring in strategic management, said in a statement that he’s worked closely with SA and its finance board for three years as a fiscal agent for Renegade Magazine.
3609	Burlington Stores Inc has a 1-year low of $105.67 and a 1-year high of $250.89.
3610	Burnett told Pollard that he was happy that her church is helping her.
3611	Burning it all down will only encourage anarchy.
3612	“Burns had certainly made himself unpopular for some of his libertine behaviour and revolutionary political views and there was likely no shortage of people willing to propagate the idea that he was ruined by drink.
3613	Burston is seeking damages for “substantial hurt, distress, and embarrassment” and aggravated damages for Hanson’s alleged malice and failure to apologise.
3614	Business as usual will destroy potential jobs in the renewable energy industry and the economy as a whole, as well as what is now left of the natural environment.
3615	"Business Co-operation Framework Agreement"
3616	Businesses have decamped their home country for other locations, mostly elsewhere in Asia, where the Trump tariffs do not apply.
3617	“Businesses have secured their infrastructure well from external hackers but not from the point of view of how they themselves use consumer data,” he said.
3618	Businesses have vigorously resisted legislative efforts to get them to switch to eco-friendly packaging because, they say, we consumers won’t pay the price.
3619	Businesses in the North have expressed concern about the new immigration rules.
3620	Businesses need customers.
3621	“Businesses should significantly increase frequency of sanitizing workstations and equipment that come into contact with the general public.”
3622	Business groups inside organizations express their disappointment with IT in terms of data and analytics in a new survey that looks at priorities and areas at risk for failure.
3623	Businessman arrested in fake input tax credit case The Directorate General of GST Intelligence (DGGI) has arrested a Delhi-based businessman for issuing fake invoices that were then used…
3624	Businessmen with close ties to Bolsonaro will have their financial records scrutinized, among them Luciano Hang, the talkative owner of dozens of mega-stores.
3625	Business owners and customers reacted with emotions ranging from elation to trepidation.
3626	Business Secretary Alok Sharma said Saturday that the government would speed up the process of testing new PPE, and of licensing new producers of hand sanitisers.
3627	Business Travel Demand Won’t Bounce Back In 2021, And Maybe Not For Years.
3628	But 45 percent of these refugees are children, and it is vital that they have access to education.”
3629	But 77 percent of Dutch don't agree with this decision.
3630	But a bigger worry by far was that Burgess declared on the program that he was part of South Sydney’s “top 50” staff who were operating under the club’s strict protocols to participate in the NRL.
3631	But above all else, Cotton says the immigrant community is continuing to work hard through the outbreak.
3632	But according to juniors Olivia Crowell and Jaclyn Lore-Edwards, it doesn’t have to be that way.
3633	But, according to MSNBC host Chris Matthews, there will be devastating consequences for the Democratic Party if Sanders goes on to win the party's nomination.
3634	But advocates are pushing back, filing lawsuits saying rules like these violate the Americans With Disabilities Act, or ADA.
3635	But, a few months of frequent and not-so-gentle use later, and it didn’t show signs of wear.
3636	But a fissure opened when it became clear during negotiations that passing a budget with the $1 billion in cuts meant reducing police presence on the streets and eliminating school safety agents.
3637	But after a three-hour meeting that was closed to the public, the Phoenix City Council decided to delay a vote on whether to ratify Gallego's proclamation.
3638	But after her daughter took to social media for help, dozens of people shared the appeal.
3639	But after the death of George Floyd and then across the summer with protests and riots, it felt like a lot of that very, very progressive education was fast-tracked in schools.
3640	But after the final round, my dad told me the doctor had called and that we needed to see him immediately.
3641	But after the game it’s completely over.
3642	But all her fears could neither blur nor blot the picture of a distressed Femi on her mind.
3643	But almost as soon as he had landed, the foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, was blindsided by a new affront to Iran: a between two of Tehran’s chief regional rivals, Israel and the United Arab Emirates, to open formal diplomatic ties.
3644	"But also, I think people over time can develop some sort of indifference where once there was an attraction.
3645	But also it wasn't an isolated incident."
3646	“But also, most homeowners on those sites overwhelmingly specify that they only want to live with younger people because most of them are young themselves.
3647	But AMD isn't about to rest on its laurels.
3648	But an apparent answer came quickly.
3649	But Anderson and Jiménez said they were sorry to see the White Sox part with Rick Renteria in what the team insisted was a mutual agreement to split.
3650	But answering in the affirmative does not mean INEC did its work the right way.
3651	But a risk analysis last year by the Norwegian Directorate for Civil Protection concluded that pandemics and medicine shortages were key concerns, he said.
3652	But as always with this thing, an unprecedented challenge requires unprecedented action,” Mr Andrews added.
3653	But, as a pastor, Osinbajo must know what Jesus Christ said about “first removing the plank from your own eye, before removing the speck from your brother’s eye.”
3654	But as he gets closer to his presidential term ending, it may turn out that Moon-Kim summitry in 2018 was no more successful than Kim Dae-jung's overtures two decades earlier.
3655	But, as is the case with many of the government decrees, it is being interpreted and implemented differently around the country.
3656	But as it turned out, his corporate headquarters was on the 92nd floor of World Trade Center No. 1. And that was the upstairs that he was talking about.
3657	But as Mr. Dee has gotten up in years, his bathroom needs have increased, too.
3658	But as much as I believe in the value of what I am about to say, I don’t expect to convince many of you.
3659	But as of Tuesday morning the situation remains active.
3660	But, as our food critic Chris Malloy reminded me, cheapness is what wings are all about.
3661	But as promised, the dish is easy to replicate.
3662	But Assembly Deputy Minority Leader William Barclay, also a Republican, said it's "premature" to ask for Kolb's resignation.
3663	But as such organisations have crumbled in recent years, so have radical ideas of what society could be.
3664	But as the coronavirus’ contains people across the world in isolation in our homes, good citizens of the internet have stepped up to help fill the void of physical human connection.
3665	But as the number of breweries and brewpubs in Colorado jumped from about 125 in 2010 to more than 300 in 2015 and to more than 420 today, competition began to take a toll, and brewery owners began to look for ways to separate themselves from the pack.
3666	But as the wedding/ festive season is upon us, do you see COVID playing spoilsport?
3667	But as we demand empathy from others, we must uphold it ourselves.
3668	But at ARUP, new problems arose.
3669	But at a time when voter in USAC elections are at an all-time low, and UCLA students find little time to make an effort to get involved,the last thing USAC should want is to further isolate students from a meaningful working relationship.
3670	But at least they have soldiers and politicians who speak plainly to their government.
3671	But attempts to roll out this idea nationally have run into barriers.
3672	But at the 69th Junior National Championship in 2018, Vaishnavi scored a record 71 points, the most by a women’s player at the national level.
3673	But at the end of the day, the home run is going to play a big role in who continues to advance,” Aaron Boone said Thursday, before the Yankees held an optional workout at Progressive.
3674	But at the end of the three-part limited series, producers turned their attention to Kelly’s impending criminal trial.
3675	But at the same time, going to mandis and taking stock of the procurement is also important.
3676	But because Arizona is one of the most urbanized states in the country, that’s a good trade for Democrats.
3677	But because I was here, the lights were dim, it was a chill environment, I got to eat whatever food I wanted to, I got to be in bed, I could be in the pool.”
3678	But before we jump into everything that happened, take a look at our interview with Jeffrey Wright, who explains what happiness might look like for Bernard.
3679	But before you reach any conclusions, I encourage you to on the possible existence of empaths, featured right here on PsychCentral.
3680	But better performers are morally and mentally safer and stronger to justify their actions, which minimize danger.
3681	But Biden wouldn't be willing to legalize marijuana right away, unlike other 2020 contenders.
3682	But brands cannot accomplish everything alone.
3683	But by midday yesterday, he said only three candidates had paid the required K2 million nomination fees.
3684	But by Monday that rate had fallen to every 3.4 days, and on Tuesday every 4.7 days, Mr Cuomo said.
3685	But calls to action have been galvanized by recent cases that appear designed to send dramatic messages of the need to ease despair.
3686	But campaigners have warned the new funds are far from enough to sufficiently boost tree planting to be in line with what is needed to tackle the climate crisis.
3687	But Campbell, of Sunny Bank, in the village of Cartmel, Cumbria, was already married after wedding Claire Bell in 1997.
3688	But candidates for consideration may not be discussed in closed sessions.
3689	But, certainly, more than one percent of people get serious illness from this.
3690	But check your inner scorekeeper!
3691	But childbirth swiftly became a medicalized phenomenon; by 1969, only 1 percent of births took place outside of hospitals.
3692	But China is China, and President Xi acted fast calling the bluff and the US may suddenly stand there with an empty cup, since such supply chains are not replaced overnight.
3693	But claiming moratorium on EMIs or taking personal or credit card loans is best avoided.
3694	But clearly, other possible negative outcomes aren’t so disastrous.
3695	"But, clearly, there has been a slow delivery system and that has slowed some things down."
3696	But commanding control of our resources really just transferred new hands; 86% of Australian mining is foreign-owned and US and UK companies have the largest foreign ownership shares.
3697	But COVID-19 has also accelerated cancellations as people face loss of income and economic uncertainty.
3698	But crucially, these prints were cheap.
3699	But Dean would keep its majority stake in Good Karma under the terms of the deal, along with 13 fluid and frozen milk facilities.
3700	But de Blasio would just as soon pull the plug for good — just as his ruinous mismanagement of everything else has brought the town to its knees.
3701	But Democratic voters in Nevada and South Carolina are much more diverse than in Iowa and New Hampshire, and candidates have yet to prove how they mobilize voters of color.
3702	”, but Denise said she’s “going to handle that through another way”, implying that she was going to take legal action.
3703	But despite being repeatedly units are here—and they bring a host of advanced capabilities that can credibly threaten North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) assets.
3704	But despite those issues, Aniston said she harbors no hard feelings.
3705	But did you know there are Netflix hacks to make your experience even more specific?
3706	But dinner service, which was supposed to be the star meal with entrees like lamb with horseradish sauce, whole fish with tartar sauce and whole rotisserie duck, never attracted a robust crowd.
3707	But doctors like Gilman say local rules aren’t as effective.
3708	But does even plan to greenlight The series may not have the appeal of recent docuseries like but it could very well resonate with audiences due to the unique topics.
3709	But Donald Trump is really a 21st-century Jefferson Davis, president of the treasonous Confederacy.
3710	But don’t throw in the towel just yet, says Anu Hariharan, a partner at early-stage startup investment major Y Combinator.
3711	“But don’t worry, there’s lots we can do to check general and gynaecological health to rule out any serious concerns.”
3712	But dry weather continues to plague key growing areas in Nebraska, Iowa, and Ohio.
3713	But due to current events, it thought it would be better going direct to VOD.
3714	But during one 2008 spring practice, Bradley assigned players a running time that was slower than usual.
3715	But earlier this week, the Pentagon said it was monitoring China’s military exercises in disputed waters and territory near the Paracel Islands.
3716	But emails obtained by The Associated Press through a Freedom of Information request show discussions dating back to June and involving all sports at the school.
3717	But emphasizing chaos in the streets is a questionable strategy for an incumbent president, she said.
3718	But entrepreneurs need to be clear-eyed about prospects to the business as economic tailwinds reverse.
3719	But Eric Tars, the legal director for the National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty, said short-term solutions like the parking lot shelter will only push the problem of providing care for homeless people down the road.
3720	But even if such attacks could somehow delete voters’ registrations, Wisconsin’s policy of same-day registration would mitigate the damage, Jones said.
3721	But even if the FBI gets the precedent it wants, the nation as a whole will be less secure because encryption will be compromised severely and permanently.
3722	But even in the CARES Act, we were able to get a number of different resources to these institutions.
3723	But even in the mist and the rain, Blasket can still provide some of the best natural scenes in the country.
3724	But even in the most risk-averse planning for the unknown, the current situation has been profoundly unique.
3725	But even so, the slogan isn’t the central point.
3726	But expecting de Blasio to be a good, courageous mayor is a fool’s errand.
3727	But fans of Fran respect her for stepping outside of the box when it comes to fashion.
3728	But fast-tracking the vaccine for broad distribution among the public carried risks.
3729	But filling your basement with two years of canned soup just means your neighbor will have to go without.”
3730	But Finn Russell will continue to play no part after breaching team protocol prior to the Six Nations opener against Ireland earlier this month.
3731	But first, Isaac sparked controversy when he stood during the national anthem while the rest of his Magic teammates kneeled in Black Lives Matter T-shirts to show their support for social justice issues.
3732	But Florida governor, Ron DeSantis, said allowing to dock in Fort Lauderdale would be “a mistake,” with the state’s medical resources already overstretched because of the coronavirus outbreak.
3733	But for anyone who has been paying attention, Eilish’s dominance shouldn’t come as a surprise.
3734	But for Canterbury it was an opportunity to regain the momentum they generated towards the end of last season.
3735	But, for every there is a Satyam Computer, Bhushan Steel, or an Essar Steel.
3736	But forget there were so many to choose from and it almost feels blatant and strange.”
3737	But for Kohanbash, to perform is to generate a dialogue with an audience, and he said he is interested in exploring the spirit of an online crowd.
3738	But for me, the defense was most fun to watch.
3739	But for some people access to water can be difficult, especially in over-crowded residential areas without basic services.
3740	But for some unknown reason — perhaps the Mystery of the Hankering — I really want some warm, buttery movie theater popcorn.
3741	But for the people on the front lines, it’s real.
3742	But for the rest of the world it’s opt-out — so if you had a phone number associated with your account, you may have been affected.
3743	But Foxx has no doubt he'll be able to match his strength and added: "I guarantee you, people will run up on me in the street and ask for an autograph and think that I'm Mike."
3744	But given the dim chances that this approach to enforcement will succeed in curbing Chinese behavior, we are left to wonder what other purposes (aside from deterrence) the indictments are intended to serve.
3745	But given the pandemic mass layoffs, the adjustments actually distort the picture.
3746	But Google sister company Verily was caught off-guard by Trump's announcement.
3747	But has a supervillain by the name of Paradox found a way to force the Flash to kill in order to save the multiverse?
3748	But headteachers have not been given any official information.
3749	But health officials say even these minimal numbers are making a difference.
3750	But he could be a decent backup.”
3751	But he did it."
3752	But he dodged questions about what scans of the president’s lungs showed, saying only that there were “expected findings.”
3753	But he leans back and the sidefoot shot is miles over the bar.
3754	But he might be out a partner.
3755	But he must say he found a glaring lacuna in the “National Health Plan for Public Health”: inclusive of shoulders to the wheel.
3756	But he pointed out that while the Covid-19 crisis had united South Africans it had also "highlighted the fault lines in our society where it is evident that more often than not the poor and disadvantaged face the major brunt of the crisis".
3757	But her crime-fighting colleagues have no clue where she is – until they find a secret code within a book.
3758	But he reached out to her to find out what happened.
3759	But here's hoping we won't have to.
3760	But her mind was still whirling and she spent the rest of the night crying in the bathroom of her parents’ house.
3761	But her parents from Calne, Wiltshire, were told the case will not be referred to the Court of Appeal.
3762	But her story was laughed off by pilots who said it would have been impossible to have seen part of an aircraft in the water from 35,000ft or seven miles.
3763	But he said now was not the time.
3764	But, he said, "our investigation does not exonerate Darren Wilson."
3765	But he said there is no question that all states need to increase their testing capacity.
3766	But, he says, the preferred route seems to be to have those illusions shattered by reality.
3767	But he seems like fluffy and nice and all that.
3768	But he served them consecutively until a judge spotted the mistake.
3769	But he showed tonight that no matter what his opponents throw at him, he's still Roger Federer and no one negotiates Grand Slam matches like him.
3770	But he then added that while the government makes policies and systems, it is the media’s role to change the culture and social atmosphere of a country.
3771	But he told us there’s no guarantee the lawsuit will move forward.
3772	But he urged Rotorua residents to remain alert to symptoms of Covid-19 until further information is released about where the family visited.
3773	But he wanted to do big movies just like he started.
3774	But he went on: “Just because I criticised the performance of devolution doesn’t mean I want to oppose devolution as a concept, of course not.
3775	But his comments attracted the attention of Kontihene, who also responded directly to “Kofi Okyere Darko” and calling him a “fool” among other unpleasant insults as well.
3776	But his most important currency was fame, and the asset he deployed most effectively was his own self and his own voice, at rallies around the country.
3777	But Huang warned that the number would only continue to increase – the current total of positive cases doesn’t account for those two new sites coming online yet, and he doesn’t believe the region has peaked yet, either.
3778	But I also know, as a farmer, that time is precious.
3779	But I also told them they need to go through this challenge … and get a stop.’
3780	“But I also understand the possible reasoning for their silence.
3781	But I believe that the governors of this region have been meeting too and it’s something that if they consider to be important for the region, why not?
3782	But I don't believe that that investigation touches on much of what the attorney general is looking at.
3783	But I don’t tell that to the chiromantic practitioner, in case he thinks I’m weirder than his usual clientèle.
3784	But I'd vote for a Biden Gabbard ticket.
3785	“But I felt I had to speak on behalf of the genuine party supporters who are suffering and do not speak up on Facebook,” she said.
3786	But if hearing this kind of stuff makes uncomfortable, imagine how it might feel to the lesbian couple just wanting to enjoy their date night or the family member who wants to get through one family gathering without being misgendered.
3787	“But if he doesn’t exist,” the king said, “how can we prove he’s harmful?
3788	But if Theo and Sally do start hanging out together, even if it’s just casual dating or as friends, what’s this going to do to Lola’s fragile psyche?
3789	But if you have a fever, it is an indicator to everyone that you are sick, and that we need to pay close attention.
3790	But if you have made up your mind — and if you know there is nothing at all that Joe Biden or Donald Trump (or the congressional candidates on the ballot!) could do to sway you differently — then please, vote early if you can.
3791	But if you look at what's happening on the ground today, you have just yesterday in Tehran and other cities, Iranians chanting, 'death to the Ayatollah,'" he said.
3792	But if you move to an EU country, the US, or one of a seemingly random list of places such as Jamaica and Mauritius, your state pension increases in line with inflation.
3793	“But if you use current positions efficiently you can have a quality K9 program with affordable and timely implementation.”
3794	"But if you wanna know the backstory, I recorded an entire episode about 'Twilight of the Mallrats' for my new podcast, 'Silent Bob Speaks' - available at That Kevin Smith Club."
3795	But if you watch it again, keep an eye out for Arsenio Hall, who plays a mobster named Reggie with a very tiny, but memorable role.
3796	But if you were holding out hope that it might take a hit, well, sorry for the disappointment.
3797	But I got there eventually.
3798	But I had no idea all that stuff was going on.
3799	But I have to admit that it is not easy in the context of the resource constraints we face in continuing those programmes."
3800	“But I have zero online dating experience.
3801	But…I just wanted to post a video to say I’m sorry to everyone whom I called ugly on Twitter.
3802	But I know a subject that does get the PM’s scruffy aide talking… Otto von Bismarck.
3803	But I know just the reform we need to fix the problem.
3804	But I loved the job and I've made some great friends in the industry over the years."
3805	But impeachment remained on his mind as the President arrived at the economic summit.
3806	“But I’m proud to try to be the leader and model for others who come after me.”
3807	But I’m still not satisfied,” he says.
3808	But I must exceed expectations.”
3809	But in 2017, it switched to selling its software as a yearly subscription.
3810	But in 60 other parts of the country, directors of public health are now helping managers draw up risk assessments so that visits can take place safely after months of care home residents being kept apart from friends and family.
3811	But in actuality, filmmaking is like the trifecta in terms of art.
3812	But in all probability the film's legacy will not be as tarnished as Gone With The Wind.
3813	But in a press conference immediately after Bowen’s, Australia’s chief medical officer Professor Brendan Murphy backed Morrison’s decision not to get tested.
3814	But I needed to be sure it wouldn’t jeopardize all the work I’d been putting in, that it wouldn’t ruin everything.
3815	But, in embracing his conspicuous absence in Iowa, it highlighted the risk: How to stay relevant when you are competing outside the usual playing field of tradition-bound early contests like Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina?
3816	But I never felt that my grandparents were unfair or mean.
3817	But in March, the NCAA granted him a sixth year of eligibility based on injuries and assistant coaching changes he dealt with in 2016 when he played at Texas Tech.
3818	But in New York, officials are already in full blown crisis management mode, scrambling to deal with the influx of sick when hospitals are already overwhelmed and medical supplies strained.
3819	But in northern Malabar, the feuds between the CPM and the RSS-BJP, mostly at the local level, have had cultural, social and religious undertones.
3820	But, in our current coronavirus crisis, new, single-use products have been deemed more hygienic than their reusable counterparts.
3821	But in recent years, they’ve struggled to conceive, a process that no amount of fertility treatments has been able to remedy.
3822	But instead conservatives are willing to contemplate even more President Trumps than work for sensible constitutional reform.
3823	But instead of being treated, as Smith had hoped, Burdine was moved to the kitchen to work on a food program.
3824	But, instead of relying on expensive beauty treatments, we suggest you count on easy home remedies.
3825	But instead of speaking up about their breakup, the fashion designer decided to take this opportunity to bring light to the injustice surrounding Breonna Taylor's murder.
3826	But instead, the rally has led to new scrutiny of the president’s handling of both the pandemic and the nation’s divisive racial inequities.
3827	But in the 11 closed-off towns, in which more than 50,000 people are quarantined, fear is setting in.
3828	But in the case of star Maria Bakalova, her star making turn as Borat’s daughter Tutar has put her on the Hollywood map in quite a quick fashion.
3829	But in the two Houston wins, Oklahoma City forced 14 turnovers.
3830	But in this case, it might not even be necessary.
3831	But "in two weeks, if we're up at 1,250 cases … it will tell us that we really haven't accomplished much."
3832	“But I respect the process.”
3833	But is not a show that is immediately easy to like, but is a reward for those who stick with it.
3834	But I spoke with my coach the last couple of days and he was saying to me ‘you’re good enough to win matches even when you’re not feeling good’ and to remember that sometimes.
3835	"But I suspect that it was the day he came that I might have gotten infected because the day the NCDC came to the house to test the boy, I started feeling some symptoms, itchy eyes and aching joints, but I just attributed it to stress,”
3836	“But I swear that I had to hand the car back inside two months.
3837	But it also said it plans to have about half of its U.S. shopping malls reopened within the next week, and its stock wavered before falling 1%.
3838	But it also shined a light on Kenosha's delays in equipping its roughly 200 police officers with body-worn cameras, which has made the city fall behind many of its neighbors and similar-sized peers.
3839	But it came in for particular criticism for some of its Mohammed drawings, and not only from Muslims.
3840	But, it doesn’t make me optimistic yet — there’s still a large fraction of the population out there who hasn’t been infected yet.
3841	But it doesn’t stop it spreading, just keeps it contained within a more defined region.
3842	But it does suggest the merit of being an Innovation Nation that properly funds science, encourages high-impact startups, and maintains its position as the planet’s premier destination for talent.
3843	But it had been made available.
3844	But it had been unable to reach an agreement with them as to what to do next.
3845	But it has been in suppressing information about the coronavirus – which originated late last year in the city of Wuhan -- that the CCP has truly demonstrated speed and efficiency.
3846	But it has shown that we’re all in this together.”
3847	But it has taken a pandemic to change the status quo – evidence enough of culture resistance.
3848	But it has to be said that in everyday life, when people are milling around outdoors, people tend to naturally social distance,” he told me.
3849	“But I think people have been glad to get back into bookshops.
3850	But I think that with my move down here, it should be able to get me more options in my future with different schools down here and really hoping that that could bring me up to the next level with this move.
3851	“But I think ultimately, we’ve done the right thing here, and hopefully the people of Kamloops will get behind the park.”
3852	But it includes significant restrictions on how that money can be used, prohibiting it from supporting religious instruction or going toward scholarships for private school tuition, for instance.
3853	But it is a hell of a group,” he says.
3854	But it is important to maintain the ability to think clearly, strategically and constructively in the midst of the complexities of the peace process.
3855	But it is not flinching from its efforts to remove tents and camps from the street scene.
3856	But it is not the only one.
3857	But it is now Red Bull Park, home to the club which on Wednesday will be hoping to write a new chapter in the story of Leipzig's football.
3858	“But it is only a beginning.
3859	But it is relevant to Jews too.
3860	But it left Avianca grounded.
3861	But it never really had much of an impact as people still wanted to meet in person and discuss things.
3862	But it never was intended to be taken like that.
3863	But it's a dedicated group.
3864	But it’s also likely Shorten continued his one-man campaign calling for tougher precautions against the virus.
3865	But it seemed like my doctor thought I was making up being ill as the conversation had focused on how my weight appeared to be in a healthy range, and the confrontational way he asked me whether I felt fat confirmed it.
3866	But it seems hard to deny the siren song of when they open that massive checkbook.
3867	But it seems, he never had any disappointment, nor bitterness in him (against me)," said a feeble looking Amar Singh.
3868	But it’s empathy for him, not those who have truly suffered in this terrible pandemic.
3869	But it’s hard to get excited about nine of the Bulls’ 14 victories coming against those teams.
3870	But it’s ideal for an artist who wants to get into it and evoke something.”
3871	But it’s incredibly painful.”
3872	But it’s ludicrous to say that a travel ban would have kept the coronavirus out of New York.
3873	But it's not dead yet.
3874	But it’s not just those in a busy career who could benefit from working hours more aligned with their circadian rhythm.
3875	But it's not one specific group, and they're all over the place on ideology and goals.
3876	But it’s obvious the decline is there.
3877	But it’s still refreshing to watch something which is, after all, a film of ideas, a spectacle in which people speak to each other in extended paragraphs.
3878	But it’s unlikely the supply will cover the approximately 200 facilities with cases, much less all 4,100 group care facilities in the state, and it’s unclear when the state will receive enough.
3879	But it’s who I kept thinking of while playing.
3880	But it takes an actor of Woodard’s calibre to show us how Bernadine arrived at this point, and why she finds herself so conflicted.
3881	But it was a great call.”
3882	But it was a great experience.
3883	“But it was almost as though there was no happiness or love in Black motherhood.
3884	But it was also a game that provided another great Keegan picture as he wandered off sadly at the final whistle, shoulders slumped, icon of an oddly comforting kind of English sporting sorrow.
3885	But it was more than anything a chance for us to connect, kind of share some ideas.
3886	But it was not a message Republicans particularly wanted to hear.
3887	But it was not his daughter.
3888	But it wasn’t until the instant success of Tell No One (2001) that he finally achieved international fame.
3889	But it was proven that this account was created specifically to create false stories about me and my cast."
3890	But it was that tee shot that left everyone around Muirfield murmuring.
3891	But it was they and The Store that tied the rest of Navarro together.
3892	But it would be brilliant if it was a speedy one, but who knows?
3893	But it would be nice to be out on the fields now.
3894	“But I understand people that decided they wanted to opt out.
3895	"But I understand that every governor and every administration looks at those things differently."
3896	But I was just so happy and I enjoyed the experience.
3897	But I will say Ambassador Boakai is an astute statesman and I'm grateful for his contributions to our nation."
3898	But I wonder if, in focusing on her lost press, Calloway might be selling herself short.
3899	But I wonder whether the disturbance derives from different ways of communicating.
3900	But I would be really disappointed, if we didn't keep on our, really our medium level pure growth numbers.
3901	But I would be remiss if I didn’t give a fist bump to George Floyd whose life was brutally sacrificed by Derek Chauvin on U.S. Memorial Day, May 25, 2000.
3902	But I would think this quarter it is a nice one to model off.
3903	But Jenkins believes the update Wednesday was part of that and due to continued pressure on campus by those most impacted.
3904	But Jodi Huisentruit's dream of making it big ended the morning of Tuesday, June 27, 1995.
3905	But just as soon as the game had gone live, Nintendo was on the spot to take action.
3906	But just how much Vitamin D does a person need per day – and how can you make sure you’re getting enough?
3907	But Kyrgios struck a conciliatory tone beforehand, calling Nadal "a hell of a player", and it was played with respect from both sides.
3908	But lacrosse, soccer, and football all have a lot in common: larger rosters and physical contact while you’re sweating, spitting, breathing heavy.
3909	But late last month, it became popular after a Twitter user - Ice Universe - to not apply it as a wallpaper on their devices to avoid sudden crashes.
3910	But later, I said to her, “Diana, when you start your show, you will never ever come out with another song ever again, even though you’ve had so many hits.
3911	But latest figures from 2017 have it at 33, well above the global average.
3912	But lawmakers in both political parties say the program provides too much necessary care to consider reducing it during a pandemic.
3913	But legal analysts argue taxes targeting inequality aren’t that simple.
3914	But less than a month later, two hate notes were already found on a student’s dorm in housing.
3915	But let us put these two together.
3916	But like I said, we control what we can control, like everyone going through it."
3917	But like Super Bowl LI, Shanahan failed to learn his lesson.
3918	But l learned my worth from it.”
3919	But long hours combined with heavy drinking and smoking gradually led to the decline of his health.
3920	But lord only knows what would happen to her if she lost this baby.
3921	But Lubna Sebastian, the 23-year-old national director of Students for Biden, maintains that the campaign is in good standing with young people: “We've made sure that they're welcome.”
3922	But many project opponents view his words with heavy skepticism.
3923	But many were happy to pitch in.
3924	But maybe, I would have played more games if we had another coach in France.
3925	“But meaningfully — not just like, he’s pretty and had good music, but the actual things he did for people.
3926	But Mike appeared extremely upset, so he vented, "That's a f-cking wrap for me!"
3927	But Minister Walrond-Allicock was not elected, seeing as she was not on the People’s Progressive Party/ Civic list of candidates.
3928	But money, they raised a hundred and seventeen million dollars, meaning the Trump campaign and the apparatus, just within the time of impeachment.
3929	But more ironic than that is the reclassification of gold as the only other tier one asset in the world by the Western central banks a year ago almost to the day, Basel III.
3930	But more than that, it is the story of an American boy in a dream that is truly American.”
3931	But Morgan is quietly of his own, which might soon grow its ranks with Dwight (Austin Amelio) and Althea (Maggie Grace).
3932	But most exciting to skeptics should be the return of over 200 legacy Pokemon along with two new legendary Pokemon, fighting bear Kubfu and psychic/grass-type Calyrex.
3933	But most of the time, Howard is fine with being the center of (at least opposing defenses’) attention.
3934	But Ms Rodriguez' granddaughter, who is also called Angela, received a call weeks later from the medical examiner's office to say that her grandmother's body was among those stacked up at the Andrew T. Cleckley Funeral Home.
3935	“But much more needs to be done,” Buchanan said.
3936	But NATO has started consolidating and expanding its based in different forms in the name of expanding free market democracy.
3937	But Neuralink’s proposed BCI could be a game-changer and if it hits human trials I believe we’re going to see something amazing happen in the next decade in the space.
3938	But never was it a fly-away hit, beloved during the season of its creation but ultimately forgotten and abandoned.
3939	But nobody contemplated using it on a president until Trump started acting nutty and fired FBI Director James Comey.
3940	But no, I’m not really aware, and I’m not sure I should be.”
3941	But none hits quite as hard as that one, nor cuts quite as close to the bone of American fears.
3942	But no one was around.
3943	But not everyone the team encountered was interested in taking the survey or in accessing resources.
3944	But not to this cop in Minneapolis, nor his colleagues, nor many other Americans too dumb to even realize it.
3945	But not to worry there are two other easy ways to upload your files.
3946	But not when your flight lands and you learn that the prime minister has just declared all of Italy a “Zona Rosa,” or a red zone.
3947	But now back in the real world, with travel and hotels and airplanes back in the mix, San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich said the challenge will fall on individuals to do the right things.
3948	But nowhere has the disruption for students been more pronounced than in New York, where a mandatory 14-day quarantine requirement for some out-of-state travelers has created havoc for students from those states.
3949	But now Pakistan’s Foreign Office demand for Aslam Farooqi has generating too many questions.
3950	But now, she has taken her talents online.
3951	But now that commendations are being handed out, the bosses have been the first in line for bonuses.
3952	But now with this whole situation, we won’t be able to sit in the room anymore—and this might be the new normal in the future.
3953	But now, with vacation towns out West like Truckee, California, and Missoula, Montana, already seeing rocketing housing prices and being rechristened “Zoom towns” in because of their appeal to remote workers, Honesdale could spin into a new stratosphere.
3954	But nutrition is just a piece of the puzzle.
3955	But of the 1 million green cards per year that we issue to new permanent residents, only about 1 percent are available for those workers.
3956	“But once I knew we were OK, it changed me as a person to just don’t take anything for granted.
3957	But on dealing with China, a new Democratic team in Washington is likely to find a rare bipartisan consensus for more confrontation.
3958	But one can imagine a structure in which government agencies compete alongside private entities for control of this scarce resource.
3959	But one day, one way or another, it will get resolved.
3960	But on Election Day, Republican turnout surged across the country.
3961	But one of the major downfalls of the game was the high number of missed free throws that occurred after the half.
3962	But on Friday, Japanese medical experts issued a stark warning that the country’s emergency medicine resources are starting to collapse amid dire shortages of protective gear and test kits.
3963	But on Friday, there was only praise and grief.
3964	But only 362,280 claims since the week ending March 28 have been determined to be “COVID-19 related,” which ADOL Communications Director Tara Hutchison explained is a self-reported feature of the application process.
3965	But on the other side, the stronger the promise and reality, the stronger the hope.
3966	But on this day, he was a captive audience.
3967	But, on top of that, a comic book movie shouldn't try to ground itself to the point of holding back potential.
3968	But other schools where the messaging isn't as consistent have sometimes left teachers "feeling really uncomfortable," Mooring said.
3969	But our domestic decisions will have a huge influence on the role Britain plays in the world.
3970	But passengers seated on the top deck will need to be called below before the new ferries can pass under the Camellia Railway Bridge and the Gasworks Bridge near Parramatta.
3971	But Peg was so much more.
3972	But Pelosi insisted she had been “set up” and was the victim of an elaborate sting by the small business, insisting they apologize to her.
3973	But people representing every letter of the queer alphabet (LGBTPQIA+) have existed since the dawn of time.
3974	But perhaps more important is the general sense that Trump, unlike previous presidents, paid attention to their needs.
3975	But perhaps the biggest factor that contributed to the couple’s vision for what should be built on the Lake Bellaire site is that they knew this property well.
3976	But persistent pleas from cultivators through district authorities appear to have helped persuade CCI to alter its decision.
3977	But Phoenix TV station KTVK said a police report listed a blunt instrument as being used as a weapon, and that blood was found inside a home.
3978	But placing such a huge weight on the middle of an airplane’s fuselage would be unbalancing, so a design team developed a new tail with twin vertical stabilizers.
3979	But plenty of political journalists used to be active in politics in their youth.
3980	But police nabbed two 'known' activists who were wanted for questioning over previous protests.
3981	But population studies seem to support the "mask as vaccine" theory.
3982	But pregnant girls weren’t just guilty of a terrible sin: they passed the seed of their transgression onto their illegitimate progeny, condemning them in turn to a life of depravity.
3983	But Princess Margaret made no fuss.
3984	But pubs such as the Thomas Becket, which is much smaller, could prove more problematic.
3985	But rather than running back and forth in indecision, God wants us to trust Him for the wisdom we need.
3986	But really, it seems more like a comedy high school.
3987	But really nothing prepares you for a true pandemic.
3988	But recent polls suggest a leftward surge in support for Sinn Féin, particularly among young and progressive voters – something that would have seemed unimaginable a decade ago.
3989	But regardless of the strange schedule of special days in February, one thing that remains consistent through the cold weather is the good music.
3990	But right after Thanksgiving we get into the winter holidays, and people need food, and people need help and support.”
3991	But Robertson is here to remind all children, that step-by-step you can achieve your goals.
3992	But Rodgers doesn’t seem to be too worried.
3993	But Rosa told her it wasn't like that anymore, and that she would always have Amy's back, so there's no need for jealousy.
3994	But Russia plays up its ability to game Western elections precisely in order to discredit them, says Alex Younger, the former head of MI6, the British foreign intelligence service.
3995	“But Santini did it very well and I’d have thought there would be lots of improvement from that run.”
3996	But saying, ‘Don’t be racist toward Asians,’ won’t work.”
3997	But she added all that stuff with cupping her hand, which was just her natural instinct.
3998	But she also learned to find stocks to help increase her portfolio returns from participating in Baker’s Dozen, a BetterInvesting club with mostly female members that meets monthly in Milford, Mich.
3999	But she did appreciate what it could mean to boosting the profile of the WNBL, with two the Melbourne sides firing.
4000	But she gets just as much of a boost from the emails she regularly receives from everyday women, aged 17 to 80, who thank her for the outfit that gave them that extra boost to get that job, or to stand out at their event.
4001	But she is a practiced liar.
4002	But she is “keeping my eye on” Bloomberg.
4003	But she said Republicans appear to be arguing in bad faith during “a tremendously brutal struggle for power” that began when the Legislature shrank some of Evers’ powers even before he took office.
4004	But, she says, “Development, by definition, should be making something better than it is.
4005	But she says that those concerns must be weighed against concerns about their physical health.
4006	But she's been heartened to watch hospital staff quickly respond and break down silos in which they typically operate.
4007	But she still is the queen of her kingdom.
4008	But she struggled to gain traction as the moderate candidate in a three-person race.
4009	But, she was sent to another clinic for a follow-up exam because of abdominal pain.
4010	But should they discover along the way some elements of corruption, we would not hesitate to come in.
4011	But small shareholders were too angry about the dwindling share price and absence of profit.
4012	But Smith-Proulx said that's not always the case.
4013	But some believe they are close to at least forecasting when weather conditions will make the storms possible.
4014	But some of this, maybe the majority, will not be spent until the next financial year.
4015	But some school districts, like Topeka, already plan to open in September with a phased approach beginning with all virtual learning.
4016	But some things never change!
4017	But some things take time.
4018	But, so much of what Tower was, was the employees, starting with Russ obviously,” Lepore said.
4019	But so was Michael Halpern, an American designer based in London who is known for his sparkly evening wear.
4020	But speaking with the media in Parliament yesterday, Alhaji Muntaka said the reports are a true reflection of the situation in the House.
4021	But strangely, it suddenly didn’t seem to matter so much now.
4022	But structural violence is by far the type of violence, causing excess deaths—deaths that would not occur in more equal societies—that dwarf the deadliness of behavioral violence.
4023	But Sunil Gavaskar may be considered better than both.
4024	"But support for doing so through vandalism or some form of illegal action is not supported.
4025	But, Suzanne adds: “On the other side, we still have the very traditional news outlets.
4026	But tax experts said last week that the issue is a little more complicated.
4027	But testing isn't everything, he warned — mitigation strategies will continue to be necessary.
4028	But that depends on restrictions to deal with the coronavirus outbreak being relaxed.
4029	But that “does not serve the ends of the H-1B program or Congressional intent,” the proposed rule said.
4030	But that doesn’t mean the process will be any easier.
4031	But that hasn’t stopped advertisers from investing heavily in the social platform.
4032	“But, that is by ordinance only,” Rothert added.
4033	But that kind of logic, where reactionaries turn up their noses at the common good since it also benefits the proletariat, is hardly limited to health care.
4034	But that means the new material isn't given its due.
4035	But that’s not where the issue ends.
4036	But that's true to the spirit of a sport that has always been about understanding the rules, and then working out what you can get away with.
4037	But that time has to be used effectively — to ramp up emergency preparedness and bolster activities like testing and isolating people who may have been exposed.
4038	But that was about as unlikely to happen as the Bears discovering how to run the ball.
4039	But that was better than Maidstone in 2018, who went without a switch-on event altogether because neither the council nor local businesses would take it on.
4040	But that wasn’t the case in South Boston Saturday evening, where people stood in crowded lines just to get into a jam-packed bar.
4041	But that wasn’t the only broadcast for the game.
4042	But the 1920s saw a shift from keeping the kids entertained towards films aimed at women – a push pioneered for moral reasons.
4043	But “the argument that we haven’t got the time, should be remedied by asking for the time.”
4044	But the bank bailouts were also politically toxic, and Kohn recalls his brutal Senate testimony after the AIG fiasco as a low point of his career.
4045	But the biggest feather in the WHS cap came at 220 pounds where sophomore Cole Hennings captured the crown.
4046	But the big real estate story was actually 1,063 kilometres away.
4047	But the bottom line is that state and local government’s efforts to intensify compliance with health measures in the community are well-intentioned.
4048	But the business side of Major League Baseball waits for nothing.
4049	But the company, which normally charges $25 for a single class, makes no money from these sessions and laid off 96 percent of its staff this month due to the financial strain caused by the lockdown.
4050	But the conflict between humans and animals continues.
4051	But the coronavirus is new to everyone, and the innate system fades as people grow older, leaving them more vulnerable.
4052	But the coronavirus outbreak has forced it to be scrapped.
4053	But the coronavirus, which saw the Chinese economy contract for the first time in 30 years, also opened the taps from government lenders to build new coal plants to revive flatlining provincial economies.
4054	But the crux of the matter is actually simple — as much as the prime minister and his supporters may wish to pretend otherwise.
4055	But the curiosity generated by her embrace of the practice gave lawyers and wealth advisers an opportunity to point to its risks.
4056	But the demand for masks, while high among medical providers, extends beyond that market, giving companies like H2 Manufacturing Solutions LLC of Longmont an opportunity to participate in finding solutions.
4057	But the Democrats, I literally heard James Carville say, well, Biden can just stay down in the cellar and he's going to win this election.
4058	"But the disease is still spreading and we absolutely cannot afford to relax the social distancing measures we have in place.
4059	But the DNI job is the last place in the world for such a person.
4060	But the EU insists it is abiding by a 2016 deal in which it gave Turkey billions in refugee aid in return for keeping refugees on its soil.
4061	But the experience made both Elizabeth and Molly realize that their silence was only serving the Bundy mythos.
4062	But the extent to which black or minority ethnic households have disproportionately experienced a police raid has not been documented.
4063	But the fact remains that her path to victory is the narrowest of the three main contenders.
4064	But the federal suit adds a category the state suit avoided: drop boxes.
4065	But the flatus which had passed through clothing caused no bacteria to sprout, which suggests that clothing acts as a filter.
4066	But the gags are regularly truncated by upsettingly brutal murders, including those of his best friends Mick ().
4067	But the gardener and TV presenter has insisted that the vulnerable category should not be judged on someone's age, but rather how healthy they are.
4068	But the government must take it further by declaring Abiola a past president with all the accrued rights and privileges of a president.
4069	But the government says Epstein was suicidal and made his first, failed suicide attempt weeks after he arrived.
4070	But the greatest of these were the two which constitutes her outstanding legacy to this country – freedom and democracy.
4071	But the group has since announced it is no longer soliciting donations and urges people to instead donate to Floyd’s family or African-American community organizations in the Twin Cities area.
4072	But the group lost their court bid to compel the government to fly them to what they said would be safer countries, including the U.S. and Canada.
4073	But The Hammer has weighed up the Ibrox club’s European performances – in particular the two wins against Braga – against the form of Leverkusen, who he believes are just as unpredictable as their Scottish opponents.
4074	But the house has also gotten some upgrades over the years: The kitchen has new appliances and shaker-style cabinets, while in the basement, there’s a game room with a jukebox and foosball table (not exactly period-appropriate, but hey).
4075	But their cup quarterfinal chance went up in flames when they were thrashed 24-0 by Canada in their last group match.
4076	But their form has seemingly travelled down different paths, with Jordie emerging as an essential piece in the Hurricanes side, while Beauden has been relatively quiet in his performances for the Blues.
4077	But the Klean Kanteen 20-ounce Reflect vacuum insulated bottle is especially environmentally friendly, made from just three materials: stainless steel, food-grade silicone and bamboo.
4078	But the limited polls we have for governor and U.S. House races this cycle have been pretty accurate so far.
4079	But the man insisted that he was serious about the gift, after which she accepted it.
4080	But the mayor needs state approval and so far Albany isn’t playing ball.
4081	But the measure is poised to be rejected by legislators, including those in his own Democratic party.
4082	"But the most important part is to get suppliers to cooperate, to facilitate the ramp-up in production", Van Houten said.
4083	But the most reliable brand in America is not exactly a household name.
4084	But then enquiries revealed during the computer check have to be farmed out to human beings who continue the work that inevitably grows into something more.
4085	But then her blood came out and she started stealing.
4086	"But then I got really lucky with a few jobs, which put me in rooms for auditions where I looked like no other woman in the room.
4087	But then on Jan.
4088	But then she smelled the barbecue and she knew it wasn’t bad.
4089	But then there was another catch: The F.D.A.’s guidelines for medical use of KN95 masks in the United States were murky, and Mr. Schonfeld’s lawyers warned that officials could seize them.
4090	But then this has to be taken to its logical conclusion, which is that the matter itself has to be decided urgently."
4091	But the numbers can increase again if proper steps are not taken to screen the people before allowing them passes, he warned.
4092	‘But then you have Medvedev, Tsitsipas, Thiem that are really showing some amazing tennis.
4093	But the opposition went far deeper: He once was hanged in effigy, a new experience for a man known at the Capitol for his ability to keep lines of communication open.
4094	But the Prison BOSS does not know this?
4095	But the prospect of an America paralyzed by a crisis of political illegitimacy at home, and estranged from its allies abroad, may be even more attractive to the CPC.
4096	But, therapists say, talking by small screen offers no replacement for a calming hug and can miss the subtleties of a compassionate expression.
4097	But the rate is up to 90 per cent in people with darker skin, such as BAME populations who are known to be at greater risk from Covid-19.
4098	But the real draw is the opportunity to catch up on what’s happened over the past year with neighbors and former neighbors who return for the swim.
4099	But there are also concerns over making bids to operate offshore wind power plants.
4100	But there are also factors that could make the GOP’s optimism misplaced.
4101	But there aren’t jokes written about it.
4102	But there are other reasons why he hasn't received a ministerial P45.
4103	But there are private, nuanced experiences as a couple.
4104	But there are reasons to be skeptical.
4105	But there are those on both sides who say it could be many months into 2021 before talks were to resume in this scenario.
4106	But the recent violence has surprised many with its intensity.
4107	"But the reforms in favour of women are part of a public relations campaign to improve the kingdom's human rights record," he told AFP.
4108	But there have been stumbles and mistakes, Sturgeon’s political opponents and trade unions argue.
4109	But there have several outbreaks in other warm areas.
4110	But the reigning Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year will enter the 2020 season with a raise.
4111	But the reigning Champions push early at the scrum - just outside their own 22 - so Ospreys win a free-kick, and they in turn choose the scrum.
4112	But there is a chance that inadequate public support for homeowners in these difficult times will result in a rash of foreclosures, personal bankruptcies and houses dumped on the market.
4113	But there is little real differentiation between the parties, driving voter apathy.
4114	But there is no evidence that was the case here.
4115	But there is one problem on which we zero in: Amidst all the talk, the claims, the allegations, a persuasive body of evidence is noticeably missing, with only the immaterial delivered.
4116	But there is still plenty Mr. de Blasio and Mr. Cuomo can do, working together to lead New York through this crisis.
4117	But the repercussions of the Shisper glacier surge extend far beyond its path: The mighty Indo River relies on seasonal melting for more than half of its flow, and changes in Pakistan’s ice fields affect this.
4118	But there’s a happy ending to the story — the footage features Boosie recovering at home surrounding by his family and friends.
4119	But there’s a step we often skip over: how campaigns identify, persuade and turn out supporters.
4120	But there's more to this rubber headed goofball than the troupes he's based on.
4121	But there’s no clear culprit.
4122	But there’s something soulful that stirs beneath the placid surface, about the rare kinship that can be found in melancholy.
4123	But the rest were waiting for one last chance at the World Qualifiers in Paris, France in May.
4124	But the results in Nevada and the outlook for coming contests are doing little to push the rest of the field to drop out, leaving a cluster of more centrist candidates to divide the anti-Sanders vote and unable to build their own momentum.
4125	But there was one big difference: During the PETM, this increase of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere happened over the course of a few thousand years.
4126	But Therrick will see Veterans Memorial Field again, but this time in pads as he’s set to play football for UWL next year.
4127	But the scientists were surprised to see that P1 neurons in male flies subsequently turned off during sex.
4128	But these are more of revival features rather than the survival strategies.
4129	But these don't produce enough volatile gases to be detected by a device like this.'
4130	But these may not be enough to prevent some tenants from losing the roof over their head.
4131	But these same prophecies also contain a glorious element of hope for a better world to come.
4132	But the State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Mr. Efe Stewart when contacted through phone and sms yesterday failed to react to the allegations.
4133	But the steady enhancements over the years—save for the total lack of modern active-safety equipment—have managed to give this old heavyweight yet another lease on life.
4134	But the store faced repeated burglaries, tents on the sidewalk and finally looting.
4135	But the story is pan- India.
4136	But the TABC leases its building from a private owner who requested protesters remain on the sidewalk, said spokesman Chris Porter.
4137	But, the transformation doesn’t end there.
4138	But the trucking industry is experiencing a national shortage of at least 100,000 drivers.
4139	“But the truth is, my husband has been selling his tools so we have something to eat.”
4140	But the violence continued, prompting Georgia’s Governor Brian Kemp to declare a state of emergency to “protect people and property in Atlanta”.
4141	But the virus is having a widespread effect on the global economy.
4142	But the way they’re going to help him get acclimated, this will be less of a transition than for most players,” Hoge said.
4143	But the wells that will be tested are the three shallow wells.
4144	But they also argued that if Israel were to maintain both its Jewish demographic majority and its democratic character, it would have to relinquish territory for the creation of a Palestinian state.
4145	'But they appreciate the health and safety of the cast and crew is paramount and should the lockdown restrictions be tightened, filming will, of course, not take place.'
4146	But they are also aching in their familiarity.
4147	But they are healthcare workers.
4148	But they argue that his current strategy has allowed him to get out in front of the crisis without giving the appearance of openly politicking.
4149	But they change, as our thinking changes.
4150	“But they didn’t go on quarantine until they were done serving alongside us, especially those of us that serve on the State Government Committee.”
4151	But they don’t necessarily represent the majority view.
4152	But they held Appalachian State to just two field goals in the second half after falling behind 17-9 at halftime.
4153	But they literally appear in The Rise of Skywalker for what seems to be about two seconds.
4154	But they only probed."
4155	But they said there would be no math!
4156	But they said they’re not concerned that Cooper will pump the brakes on their convention plans.
4157	But they’ve always been exceptions.
4158	But they were 100% American, not like the ones these days made in Chinese sweatshops.
4159	“But they were issued in The Bronx and Brooklyn and Manhattan and Queens and Staten Island,” he explained.
4160	But this can be a great way to maximize the skill points you have.
4161	But this doesn’t make any sense,” Greece Police Chief Patrick Phelan said.
4162	But this has come at a cost, with fears of rising bad debts and potential dividend cuts leading to savage declines in bank share prices.
4163	But this is just on the surface level.
4164	But this is not the case with women farmers.
4165	But this is something that's a call of duty for me right now.
4166	But this is the first time scientists haven’t been able to track an alga’s origins.
4167	But this looks like a week they can get their pass rush going.
4168	But this made her “suicidal”, she says.
4169	But this one will be special.
4170	But this report marks the first time anyone has laid out how a guaranteed income might work, and what a program might cost.
4171	But this routine was a tad overscored, no?
4172	But this was only a temporary retreat from the virus before the Friday night assault that was a real horror show.
4173	But this year counting may not be completed on election night.
4174	But those limits are unlikely to be reached soon.
4175	But those not placated with such assurances or have not even bothered to look at the reality on counter-insurgency operations in Nigeria are excited to dismiss it.
4176	But three months later, the truck was taken to Marange without Mr Samukange’s knowledge, where his business partner entered into a mining joint venture for diamonds with the diamond mining concern.
4177	But three touchdown passes later, the Bears had completed an improbable comeback.
4178	But through all the struggles, his work ethic has never once been questioned.
4179	BUTTIGIEG: -- that looks small and the work that we're doing on the ground in communities that are tired of being treated as a Washington punchline.
4180	But times have changed over the past few years, and even more so in the past few weeks.
4181	“But today, looking back retrospectively, it is being acknowledged by all that a country of 130 crore population has been saved of a huge catastrophe because of this decision,” he said.
4182	But to intercept the transaction, the crew will need to find something as alluring as Maddox to offer instead.
4183	But to interpret this as sheer stupidity, rather than an unwillingness to confront the inconvenient truth of climate change, is to be intellectually dishonest.
4184	But Tommy Tuberville, the former Auburn football coach, easily won back deep-red Alabama from Sen. Doug Jones.
4185	But Tony Blair says the government is 'right, I think, to be reopening the schools'
4186	But top campaign officials said on Monday that they had no concerns about his energy or overall health, only enthusiasm that the candidate was ready to return to the campaign trail.
4187	But travel is near-taboo in the time of Covid-19, and museums, which bank on a steady stream of tourists, are facing an existential crisis.
4188	But Trump is president, and, on average, a majority of Americans say they disapprove of the job he's doing handling the coronavirus.
4189	But Turac said after more than 20 years, they had grown restless, craving changes in their careers and surroundings.
4190	But ultimately, a final agreement appears to have been concluded in January last year and remains in place.
4191	But under the existing state environmental planning policy (Sepp) only large developments which would change the use of farming land – such as housing developments – triggered protections and it’s understood that won’t change.
4192	But unemployment, at nearly 14 percent, is still among Europe’s highest, and only Greece is more dependent on tourism.
4193	But, unknown to communist military intelligence, Crook was, in fact, spying on the Poum on behalf of the Soviet Union’s interior ministry.
4194	But unlike Kahlo’s barely visible peach fuzz, his was adorned and glorified.
4195	But unlike other countries including Britain, in Spain all schools closed during lockdown.
4196	But, unlike the first question, this answer has a bit more certainty.
4197	But until then, below are our favourites — ready, steady, cook.
4198	But upon reflection, he said his internship fell short in one significant way.
4199	But Van Heerden is taking her quarrels further than irate media posts.
4200	But, was also poorly received by critics and general audiences.
4201	But, Washington went on to take a six-point lead, 36-30, on a 3-pointer by Bertans with 8:50 remaining.
4202	But we also really miss the things that have been taken from us.
4203	But we also want love in our community," said Soboma Wokoma.
4204	But we did, therefore we enjoyed it.
4205	But we had just lost a brother—we had no time to look for him and we did not know where to look for him,” she added.
4206	“But we have the legacy, the wonderful music that will never die,” she said.
4207	But we knew it had potential,” he continues.
4208	“But we mustn’t allow it to distract from the grim realities about the animal welfare compromises that could be imported to the UK.
4209	But we need to direct our Green Industrial Revolution in a way that transforms the wealth of our poorest West Midlands’ wards, half of which languish in poverty.
4210	But we never really offered a compelling economic counternarrative to Reaganomics.
4211	“But we’re all in the same boat, working together.”
4212	But we really felt if we can continue to improve and go to practice and work and do the things we were supposed to do, do the social distancing, stay away from parties and gatherings, they did it all.”
4213	“But we're committed to leaving it open for the next generation of women.
4214	But we’re not here to celebrate those aspects.
4215	But what can people who have experienced or witnessed subtle sexism do?
4216	But what could have been a potential heroine-led franchise was fraught with production delays in the first half of 2018 to accommodate Blake Lively’s injury.
4217	But what do we accuse the Black children killed in Chicago with?
4218	But what has changed from the bad losses to Fullerton and Hofstra?
4219	But what if our economy was increasingly resistant to investment because of a lack of competition?
4220	But what’s really interesting about this move by Cube is that it comes in the wake of him being called out for sharing anti-Semitic images on social media earlier this year.
4221	But what’s your favorite Charlie Kaufman movie?
4222	But what will it look like in reality?
4223	But what will tomorrow’s world even look like?
4224	But when asked to clean her teeth on camera, Melissa shrewdly clocks she has been tricked into taking part in a veiled commercial for a personal care multinational.
4225	But when asked whether he thought the Democrats would win the argument, he started to say he had optimism, then stopped.
4226	But, when God closes a door, he opens a window.
4227	But when I heard the group, I didn’t like their singer.
4228	But when it is time to act, there are only excuses and absolutely no effort.
4229	But when the interviewer tells him that Lauren’s remains have been discovered, McDaniels suddenly realizes he is in trouble.
4230	But when the movie exploits it's high concept premise of "Get a load of this guy — he's pregnant!" flails in regressive waters.
4231	But when we get into specific consumer products or even in a B2B space, there is a differentiation that is required across various regions and one must be looking at that carefully when creating campaigns.
4232	But when you step into a voting booth, you can be confident that it will not only list the candidates from one party, it will be identical to those in the booths on either side of you.
4233	But whether you'll listen to it is, of course, entirely up to you!
4234	“But whichever way you go you’re going to be disappointing people and there’s going to be people that are more happy with the situation when you do it.
4235	But whoever wins in September will face a much bigger economic challenge in her second term.
4236	But who will crumble first: James or Anne?
4237	But with a dose of movie magic set design and digital help in erasing the wind turbines and pylons, areas of the marsh could seemingly cater for it.
4238	But with business down as much as 60 per cent since the crisis hit, Cann decided to try online sales.
4239	But with enough effort and time, success can be achieved.”
4240	But with Google TV, Google essentially refined the Android TV experience, improved organization and recommendation features, and made the interface feel less clunky.
4241	But with it not operating to the same capacity as it normally does, that has left many facing social isolation.
4242	But with limited supply, no vaccine is expected to be widely available until at least spring 2021.
4243	But with many cinemas still closed and plenty of people preferring to stay away anyway, I can’t see who would choose to download this at home – especially when you can wolf down Disney’s entire back catalogue on its streaming channel.
4244	But with me one-v-one, he didn’t cause me any problems if I’m honest.
4245	But, with more donations and matching federal and state funds, organizers hope to blacktop the trail by late summer of 1998.
4246	But with no prospect of forming a viable state government, he broke a political taboo by seeking the AfD's support Wednesday.
4247	“But with only a month until the Iowa caucuses, and given the circumstances of this campaign season, I have determined that it simply isn’t our time,” he added.
4248	But without government suppressing competition, Netflix had no way to maintain its temporary hold on the streaming market.
4249	But with the cases still on a rise and theatres even not opening everywhere, audiences worldwide are still expecting the release date to move further.
4250	But with the millions of uncertainties regarding the coronavirus pandemic, figuring out how and when that return might be possible is very, very difficult.
4251	But with the new $170 Galaxy Buds Live, Samsung decided to remix its latest earbuds to create something refreshingly unique and quite convincing.
4252	But with three months left in his first term, Mr. Trump has not welcomed home the last American soldier from anywhere.
4253	But Wolf said he understands people’s frustrations: “One of the challenges we have is to steer the middle course between keeping the central businesses open and keeping this virus from overtaking our health care system.”
4254	But would you accept a flat amount?
4255	But yes, I admit it, until now I’ve always been careful with my cash.
4256	But yesterday’s 74 put paid to his hopes.
4257	But you also need to think what that's going to look like for your business three years from now, five years, 10 years, it’s a long term relationship.
4258	But you chose an H.B.CU. — specifically because it would help you sow seeds of change.
4259	But you’d get over that in a few weeks.
4260	“But you have to be ‘exposed fully’, you are not asking similar questions to any holy cows, like the Vivekananda Foundation, India Foundation, the Overseas Friends of the BJP and for that matter the RSS,” said Singhvi.
4261	But, you know, the Word of God teaches us to not lose heart.
4262	'But young people know the chances are that won't happen.
4263	But you’ve still got to pay attention to the details and that’s what he did better than probably any other player in NBA history.
4264	But you were - you mentioned, Lazaros, that fees were better in the nine-month period, and we should now expect a decline of minus 2% for the full year.
4265	But Zenology doesn’t stop there, and this is where music creators will rejoice.
4266	Buying of health insurance and motor insurance policies is going to be entirely online.
4267	BUY THIS, NOT THAT: There's a very good chance you own some of these names already – now find out whether that's a very good thing…. or a very bad thing.
4268	By 2018, that jumped more than 60 per cent to nearly 330,000 IUDs.
4269	By 2018, with the enforcement of this rule less stringent than it should have been, the league made it clear that any use of the replay room to help steal signs was strictly forbidden.
4270	“By 2030, we want to triple the size of our space sector – adding $12 billion to our economy and creating up to 20,000 new, high-skilled jobs.”
4271	By 9:40 p.m., the effort was deemed a recovery mission.
4272	By Adejumo Enock A Chief Magistrate Court at Ikeja arraigned six men on the charges of looting and setting…
4273	By a fluke, by a deflection of a bullet, they were not killed.
4274	“By aligning with material companies, we are better positioned to respond to our customers’ needs and provide them with the best solution for their application,” says Fernback.
4275	By and large, the condemnation must not end with the matter.
4276	By applying strong safeguards to trade agreements, the Green Deal can also ensure that new trade opportunities do not risk these acquis being undercut, or environmental damage being exported elsewhere.
4277	By arguing that Sun City was a place apart from the encircling South Africa, Mr. Kerzner lured an array of entertainers and sports personalities to appear there, paying them huge fees.
4278	By being cautious, he noted, drivers could help reduce the number of accidents, adding that drivers must strictly adhere to all road safety requirements and regulations to curtail road crashes in the country at all times.
4279	“By clicking register below,” on the Trump 2020 website, directed at those planning to be there, “you are acknowledging that an inherent risk of exposure to COVID-19 exists in any public place where people are present.
4280	By contrast, the ban on Iranian arms exports has arguably not been effective.
4281	By contrast, the streets of Rome and Paris were deserted tonight, as the Italian and French capitals' own restrictions appeared to be followed far more smoothly.
4282	By covering a much longer period, Thompson may have set himself a more difficult task.
4283	By day, Ruby Ibarra is a scientist at a biotech company in the Bay Area.
4284	By doing so, you risk meeting head-on with the assailants.
4285	By Doug George-Kanentiio Akwesasne Mohawk When I was growing up on Akwesasne Mohawk Territory there were social habits which reflected an historical response to the devastating communicable diseases which came close to wiping out our ancestors.
4286	By early ’71 Hatfield had left the Righteous Brothers looking to establish himself as a solo artist.
4287	By-elections are being held for the Southern Angami-I seat in Kohima district and the Pungro-Kiphire seat in Kiphire district.
4288	By eliminating this shift change friction, employees spend more time on task.
4289	By every criteria HCID fits the bill.
4290	By examining retreat patterns over this sea-floor terrain we will be able to help numerical modellers and glaciologists in their quest to predict future retreat.
4291	By following health agency guidelines, protecting ourselves and each other, avoiding large gatherings, washing our hands throughout the day, and staying home if we do not feel well, we will each do our part to slow the progression of COVID-19.”
4292	By Friday evening the track remained at number one in the Amazon best sellers, ahead of Magic by Kylie Minogue and Ghosts by Bruce Springsteen.
4293	By KEVIN ECKLEBERRY Daily News For Callaway head football coach Pete Wiggins, it was an easy decision.
4294	By Lethbridge Herald on May 8, 2020.
4295	By moving their VMware workloads to Oracle’s second-generation cloud infrastructure, customers will achieve greater security and increased performance, in addition to saving significantly on network costs.
4296	By not doing this, you own some responsibility for anyone you encounter, either casually or intimately, who subsequently comes down with COVID-19.
4297	By not listening to him, we lost time, we lost energy, and I’m pretty sure we pulled every muscle in our bodies — all to do it my way.
4298	By now, consumers might have a rough idea of what the Galaxy S20 series might look like.
4299	By now I’d started reading review scores, even if it meant flipping through the magazines in the local newsagents and not actually buying them, and this helped reduce the number of regrettable purchases.
4300	By now, Russell was legal director at the Howard League for Penal Reform and in 2004, she took part in a BBC Newsnight documentary revealing maltreatment at a young offender instituion in Portsmouth.
4301	By offering free access to these sites we are making it easier for people to access the information they need to stay on top of the Coronavirus COVID-19 situation and the measures that should be taken to keep safe.
4302	Bypass bloated government and attach the effort to a business model.
4303	By Paul DubersteinWe are in the midst of one of the largest psychological and medical experiments conducted in the history of this country.
4304	Byrne says that support meant something to him.
4305	Byron Bay recorded 107 millimetres of rain since 9am, Woolgoolga 164 millimetres, Bellingen 134 millimetres, and Mullumibmy 100 millimetres.
4306	Byron Schamehorn, a town councillor who plans to volunteer at the shelter, said options were running out for those sleeping rough with local businesses increasingly locking their lobbies.
4307	By Saturday morning, the U.S. had more than 15.86 million Covid-19 cases and 295,600 deaths out of over 71.2 million infections and nearly 1.6 deaths worldwide.
4308	“By spending ‘quantity time’ for an entire week at Hill or Robins, it allows us to be exposed to more units, more people, and more community leaders across the Sustainment Center,” Kirkland said.
4309	By staying on board and sailing week to week, the crew also poses an ongoing risk of introduction, amplification and dissemination beyond the cruise ship environment.
4310	By staying resolute and each of us responsibly playing their role, COVID-19 like all epidemics before it will soon be pushed into the history,” Akwashiki said.
4311	By switching them to the evening and livestreaming they attracted between 150-200 people.
4312	By testing the genetic material from the bones of people who died during a Bronze Age battle around 1,200 BC, an international team of scientists including Krishna Veeramah, Ph.
4313	By that I mean an impact on both cognitive development and in terms of education, and social and emotional consequences.
4314	By that measure, the move from “keep calm and carry on” toward “don’t panic, but lockdown” is clearly insufficient to get us to a better place.
4315	By that time we had 2 weeks of training left and it really didnt matter.
4316	By the early 2000s, Internet forum culture was firmly established, and reactions to the news were as harsh as you might expect.
4317	By the end, he was leading armies.
4318	“By the end of June we will be in a new normality if the evolution of the pandemic is brought under control in all of our territories,” he added.
4319	By the end of our 16-year run, five of our kids were married, and 13 of our grandchildren had been born, and I had some kids-in-law to rope in to help in our booth.
4320	By the end of the week, Hope will be in a tough spot and her decision could cost her everything.
4321	By the end of the week, Maggie confesses to Sonny (Freddie Smith) and issues an apology to Justin (Wally Kurth).
4322	By the end of week three, the novelty of baking and bonding with family had worn thin.
4323	By the grace of god her brother had recovered, but it was not without it’s challenges.
4324	By the guards’ own admissions, he was shot in rapid succession in the head a total of 10 times – until the gun stopped working.
4325	By the late 2000s, Arabian cuisine had become an integral part of Hyderabad’s culinary culture.
4326	By the mid-2020s the vessels will drop below critical energy levels and will fall entirely silent, but their journey will continue.
4327	By the second day “Foxy”, as First Diver started calling him, was becoming more active and alert, but still wasn’t eating or drinking well, and wasn’t walking on his front legs.
4328	By the summer Derek needed care too, but was in a different home.
4329	“By the time he got there, they had gone inside and so he got out of his truck and went inside.”
4330	By the time Hersh was 19, these songs had filled up a self-titled debut album and Throwing Muses were the first American band signed to British indie label 4AD.
4331	By the time I went to sleep that night, I had developed a minor cough that wouldn’t stop.
4332	By the time Kevin Cash pulled Rays left-hander Blake Snell from the last game of the World Series, he had already been voted American League Manager of the Year.
4333	“By the way, that literacy program that he was talking about was a re-education program…it will cost him a lot in the polls,” O’Leary continued.
4334	By Thursday, it was revealed that one of Trump's valets had tested positive for the virus.
4335	By tomorrow morning, we will likely wake up to 15-20cm of new snow.
4336	By Tuesday, DeGeneres was talking about her dog's broken leg.
4337	By Tuesday, the strongest gusts are forecast along the the southern coast of England, along the channel, the south-west and south west of Wales.
4338	By turning lemons into lemonade, Cartier Carey was able to donate more than 22,000 diapers to single moms in his community.
4339	BYU, meanwhile, is coming off a critical victory, rallying to beat Houston 43-26 on the road.
4340	By using Codices’ tools, broadcasters can build, engage and monetise their audiences through player-driven entertainment.
4341	“By voting to remove President Trump from office, Democrat Doug Jones has given up on serving the men and women of Alabama,” NRSC spokesperson Nathan Brand argued.“
4342	By which I mean he signs it and also really does need to read that or any contract before signing it.
4343	Cabinet Office minister Chloe Smith’s response was unsympathetic, first implying that the exclusion was not an issue as Scotland is served by national broadcasters before issuing a long-winded defence that drew laughter on opposition benches.
4344	Cabins and hotels within our parks remain open.
4345	CABOT — To start their weather-delayed contest on Saturday, the Bryant Hornets freshman team did the Bryant thing and the Cabot South Panthers freshman team did the Cabot thing.
4346	Cab we just ignore the deniers when they get sick?
4347	Caesar herself expanded on those themes, emphasizing her debt to DJ Shay and her long study of rap music.
4348	Café Toscano (outdoor verandah area), 1 Wallis St, Forster: Wednesday, December 16, 6pm-7.
4349	CAIRO — Egyptian antiquities officials on Saturday announced the discovery of at least 100 ancient coffins, some with mummies inside, and around 40 gilded statues in a vast Pharaonic necropolis south of Cairo.
4350	Cairo Station is a lesson in the value of classic cinema: along with Youssef Chahine’s wider filmography, much of which deals in queer subtext, it teaches that films don’t necessarily have to be new to be contemporary.
4351	Caitlin Campbell, a spokeswoman for the Clarence Valley Council, said 52 per cent of the entire council area has been destroyed by recent fires.
4352	Caitlyn Jenner confirmed the pair had dated but didn’t go into specifics about when, or why they parted ways.
4353	Cal (11-15, 5-8) defeated Washington State (14-13, 5-9) 66-57 off the back of a dominating defensive effort and an efficient night from the free throw and three-point lines.
4354	Calcium is also better absorbed with Vitamin D but without Vitamin D-fortified milk, get it from eggs and liver.
4355	CAL FIRE sent out an evacuation notice urging Jackson Oaks, Holiday Lake Estate and Thomas Grade residents to evacuate.
4356	CALGARY -- Alberta Health Services says 20 staff were deployed to the Millrise Village Seniors facility in southwest Calgary over the weekend.
4357	California Gov. Gavin Newsom during his daily news briefing at the Governor's Office of Emergency Services in Rancho Cordova, Calif., on April 9, 2020.
4358	California Insurance Commissioner Ricardo Lara today announced a measure that enable people with cannabis-related convictions to obtain an insurance license.
4359	California is set to stop selling new gasoline-powered cars.
4360	California Rep. Duncan Hunter has submitted his resignation effective Monday to Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-San Francisco) and Gov. Gavin Newsom.
4361	California Senator Kamala Harris endorses Democratic presidential candidate former Vice President Joe Biden as she speaks to supporters during a campaign rally at Renaissance High School in Detroit, Michigan on March 9, 2020.
4362	California’s move is a significant threat to the gig companies and could influence other states with similar laws to take action against them, labor experts said.
4363	Cali said getting to play at home in front of her family and friends is going to be special.
4364	Callahan has been a Henley resident for decades.
4365	Callahan, who was married to Linda Freeman before LaRue, is survived by his stepsons from that union, as well as by LaRue and their daughter.
4366	Callaway at Temple, 5:30 p.m.
4367	“Calling someone barren is not an insult because when you are married, you expected to have children.
4368	Calling their placement with Nadine “a miracle,” the girls were finally gifted the safety, comfort, and love they had deserved all along.
4369	Calling the mandate — AAP got 62 of 70 seats the third time it contested the Delhi Assembly polls — a vote for continuity, the top leadership did not induct anyone new into the Cabinet.
4370	Call off the heavies.
4371	Calls are another huge problem.
4372	Calls to the Iowa Democratic Party hotline late on Monday had the same recorded message: "All of our operators are currently busy."
4373	Call things as you see them.
4374	Callum Hudson-Odoi and Cesar Azpilciueta are on.
4375	Cal-Maine Foods (NASDAQ:CALM) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, January 6th.
4376	Calves born following four to eight weeks after the green-up of diverse plant life positively programs the future calf health.
4377	Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of Vanguard Short-Term Government Bond ETF by 432.7% during the first quarter.
4378	Cambridgeshire and Peterborough An improving picture with decreasing case rates across 5 of the 6 local authorities although the case rate is still high at 123/100,000 overall).
4379	Camegaran may opt out after five years or just over seven years.
4380	Camelcamelcamel is one of the sites that show detailed historical price data for products sold on Amazon.
4381	Cameron and Hidalgo counties in Texas are sharing a large refrigerated trailer to store bodies of coronavirus patients because of a lack of space at the morgues.
4382	CAMEROON, Cameroon — The United Nations says seven countries are so far behind in paying their dues that they are losing their voting privileges in the 193-member General Assembly, including Venezuela and Lebanon.
4383	Cam Newton says he drives to work most mornings at 4:30 and leaves Gillette Stadium to return home around 11:30 p.m.
4384	Camosun’s Sybil Harrison (file photo).
4385	Campaigners say more than half of England's fishing quota will be controlled by foreign fishing companies and they want a radical overhaul of fisheries policy.
4386	Campbell became the singer of the reggae band, best known for songs “Red Red Wine” and “Kingston Town”, in 2008 after his brother, Ali, quit.
4387	Campbell captured the Aug. 17 interaction in a video that was uploaded to Twitter.
4388	Campus officials urge students to be cautious when interacting with people online and to never provide access to personal information, according to the email.
4389	Canada advises Canadians not to travel abroad for non-essential reasons but won't prevent them from leaving the country.
4390	Canada eCoin (CDN) traded 24.6% higher against the dollar and now trades at $0.0038 or 0.00000071 BTC.
4391	Canada’s chief medical officer, Dr. Theresa Tam, told reporters Thursday that carving out those plans is very complex and remains a work in progress.
4392	Canada sought compensation from the USSR under the 1972 Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects.
4393	Canada will also take a "very close look" to ensure companies are not unduly profiting, Trudeau said.
4394	Canadian mining and mineral processing company Mason Graphite is the 100 percent owner of the Lac Guéret project, which is located in Northeastern Quebec.
4395	Canadian prime minister said his country was striving to be a leader in protecting the environment, surpassing its target of protecting 10% of marine areas by 2020.
4396	Canadian property owners should not expect any special treatment, explained Givens, and should not try to misrepresent the urgency of their requests if the reason for travel is truly not essential.
4397	“Canadians know that there is no place in our country for weapons designed to kill the largest number of people in the shortest amount of time.
4398	CANBERRA, Australia — Australia’s prime minister says a shutdown of the nation’s second-largest city is necessary and promised continuing financial support for businesses that fear they won’t survive a second lockdown.
4399	Canceling debt also seems to violate the moral principle of following through on one’s promises.
4400	“Can confirm I wasn’t taking part in any demonstrations!” he tweeted.
4401	Candace McCowan brings the latest on the coronavirus vaccine.
4402	Candidates also need to bring a government-approved photo identity card as well.
4403	Candidates in races for New Hampshire governor and Congress are coming out of the gates by touting their support among unions representing firefighters and law enforcement.
4404	Candidates who don’t meet the 15% threshold won’t win any delegates from that congressional district.
4405	Candles add light, warmth and aroma to help a home feel cozy.
4406	Can I ask her if we can help him get new glasses if he needs them (anonymously, I would think)?
4407	Cannabis is approved for medical use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting, and appetite stimulation in conditions like HIV/AIDS that cause weight loss.
4408	Can Nigeria fix poverty challenge in new decade?
4409	Cannot complain, no big snowbanks at all.
4410	Canon Medical is showcasing Alphenix Hi-Def detector technology at this year’s virtual Radiological Society of North America () annual meeting from Nov. 29 – Dec. 5, 2020.
4411	Can Republicans hold on to the Senate majority?
4412	Can the Broncos give Tua Tagovailoa his first bad day with the Dolphins?
4413	Can they also explain the temporal pulpit stand against the usual sitting down approach?
4414	Can't they hold the procession at 4/5 am," he asked.
4415	Can We Keep Our Distance?
4416	Can we please put to bed the myth that if someone's unemployment benefits run out, they no longer count as unemployed.
4417	Can you see any correlation between this theory and the APC?
4418	Can you talk about that --
4419	Can you tell Albanians that what we have done so far on justice reform is the best that we could have delivered?
4420	Capital Investment Services of America Inc.’s holdings in AMETEK were worth $2,260,000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
4421	Capital World Investors now owns 38,240,690 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,692,153,000 after buying an additional 5,792,057 shares in the last quarter.
4422	Caplan said mainstream academe needs to put on its “big boy pants” and challenge Goop’s messaging.
4423	Capped eight times by England, centre-half Woodgate's playing career included a £13.4m move from Newcastle United to Real Madrid in August 2004 and promotion to the Premier League with Boro in 2016.
4424	Capstar Financial (NASDAQ:CSTR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, October 25th.
4425	Captain America is seemingly killed in the event, while Thor abandons his hammer Mjolnir and Tony Stark secludes himself in parts unknown.
4426	Carboncoin (CURRENCY:CARBON) traded 19.8% lower against the dollar during the 24-hour period ending at 23:00 PM Eastern on January 6th.
4427	Cardi dressing this provocatively should really come as a shock to no one.
4428	Cardoso got fouled before she could release the shot, and she went to the line where she missed both free throws.
4429	Cards and digital payments are slowly, but surely usurping cash as primary forms of payment, providing a compelling, long-term runway for growth for ARKF investors.
4430	Career impact bonds fall under the category of income sharing agreements, which are popular in Latin America and are increasingly being used at American universities.
4431	Caremongers India strictly follows a purely non-profit voluntary model and Nagaraj and her team keep a close eye on the proceedings so that no one can use the Caremongers name for their monetary benefit.
4432	Carlos Ghosn leaving the detention centre after being released on bail last April.
4433	Carlos Migoya told CNN: “The biggest issue is that we have a lot of aggressive non-compliant people, people that just do not believe that masking is the right thing to do.
4434	Carmella asked if she wants to get personal.
4435	Carnegie Lake sits east of Highland Park’s two reservoirs and the Pittsburgh Zoo and PPG Place Aquarium.
4436	Carrie Ann: “Eighties night, everyone it was amazing.
4437	Carrillo, a 32 years-old and an duty U.S. Air Force sergeant, was arrested and will face murder charges, among other felony counts, Hart said.
4438	Carrillo allegedly ambushed the officers shortly afterward with home-made bombs and guns, according to Hart.
4439	Car sales were particularly strong, as were clothes and shoes.
4440	Cars mounted with loudspeakers have been making the rounds of Palestinian camps, blaring messages about hand-washing and not touching one's face.
4441	Carter Bank & Trust provides a range of retail and commercial banking products and services in Virginia and North Carolina.
4442	Carved elephants, mirrored walls and marble columns surround you, while a golden-domed ceiling appears to hover above.
4443	Case previously claimed that Blige once turned violent on him.
4444	Cases are also starting to rise again in the Midlands and north of England, which had seen the steepest declines during and just after lockdown.
4445	Cases are going to go up anyway.
4446	Cases of snatching and pick-pocketing have also reduced in the city amid the nationwide lockdown imposed to contain the spread of the deadly COVID-19, he said.
4447	Cases surged, with social gatherings as a major source of infections.
4448	Cases there and nationwide now hover near zero, as the United States and other countries still battle surges.
4449	CASH IN THE ATTIC: Why your old Subbuteo set could sell for.
4450	Cash transfers are no panacea, but they've been shown to reduce violence and can be adapted.
4451	Casperson Funeral Home and Cremation Services in Sister Bay is assisting the DeGroot family.
4452	Cass County urges residents to avoid making tax payments in person — instead making payments by check through the mail, or drop them off in the secure drop box in front of the Cass County Courthouse at 211 9th St. S. in Fargo.
4453	Cassidy Dell had nine kills and 24 assists for the Yellowjackets, and Amber Shirey had 10 service points.
4454	Cassini launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida in 1997, then spent seven years in transit followed by 13 years orbiting Saturn.
4455	Casteel’s explorations and observations of the human experience, especially the Black experience in America, connect her practice to the legacy of artists like Kerry James Marshall, Alice Neel and Faith Ringgold.
4456	Castellanos shot just wide in the 21st minute after Michael Bradley was caught on the ball twice.
4457	Castro first rose to prominence with a rousing speech at the 2012 Democratic national convention, after which he was anointed a rising star.
4458	Catchments are moderately wet following recent rain.
4459	Cates offensive breakout goes on.
4460	Catherine Herridge speaks to one nurse who called her hospital a "war zone."
4461	Catherine said she explained to the princess that she would not seek an audience with her brother if she allowed her to go home without any repercussions.
4462	Catholic Charities hosted conferences in Nigeria, and met with government ministries, American embassy personnel, judges and orphanage directors.
4463	Cathryn McGahey QC said at the time of the attack Abedi had been identified "for further low-level investigation"
4464	Cathy Russell, who was Jill Biden’s chief of staff during the Obama administration, will serve as director of the White House Office of Presidential Personnel, evaluating applicants for administration roles.
4465	Caton was a member of the WSFA-TV family from 1966-1975, serving as both the 6 p.m. news anchor and news director during the tumultuous Civil Rights era.
4466	Cattle producers and their veterinarians say the routine use of antibiotics is needed to keep the animals from getting these and other illnesses.
4467	Catzavelos on Thursday declined an interview request but on the subject of who had publicly shared the video – which was initially sent to a closed WhatsApp group – Shain said his client had never even tried to find this out.
4468	'Cause if you're gonna kneel, your shins are gonna be on the ground," DiMeo explained.
4469	Cause of death is loss of blood due to stab wounds.
4470	'Cause that's how you get sharia law.
4471	Cayen is proposing to stay with his mother who, he says, has lined up a job for him at the West Point First Nation near Hay River.
4472	Cayetano previously bared that his and Velasco’s birth dates in the term-sharing agreement President brokered to them in 2019.
4473	CBD is a natural compound found in cannabis.
4474	CBD is told other submissions have been made by others who may or may not be children and grandchildren of our favourite mayor.
4475	CBP is able to quickly process and turn back migrants because of a recent authority granted due to the Trump administration’s closure on the southern and northern borders.
4476	CBR: Jonah is an amazing role.
4477	CBS 2 Morning Insider Tim McNicholas tells you what you need to know if you’re cutting it close.
4478	CBS 2’s Charlie De Mar found the vehicles at the city auto pound at 701 N. Sacramento Blvd. in the Humboldt Park neighborhood, along with some long lines and some good excuses.
4479	CBS 2’s Vince Gerasole spoke with business owner Adel Elbiaadi who was threatened by looters on Divvy bikes.
4480	"CBS Evening News" host Norah O'Donnell spoke with Cole about his experience with the deadly virus.
4481	CBS, Fox and ABC tied for third in ratings, each with a 0.4/2.
4482	CBS will pay former NFL quarterback Tony Romo $17 million a year as an analyst paired with Jim Nantz.
4483	CCSD science and physical education staff explain the physics of soccer, the science of breathing and show ways you can exercise at home.
4484	CCTV images from his home showed the three thieves wearing dark clothes, gloves and hoodies as they walked across his lawn into the house.
4485	CDC guidance can be found online at: https://www.
4486	Cebu Governor Gwen Garcia said that essential workers who are residing in Cebu Province can still go back to their homes even if they are working in Cebu City.
4487	Celebrated South African author Niq Mhlongo has just released two of his latest books while on a fellowship programme in Berlin, Germany.
4488	“Celebrating non-scale victories, whether it’s hitting your goal of eating five servings of vegetables every day or logging more steps in a week, can be more successful in sustaining motivation than focusing only on weight,” saidMbanu.
4489	Celebrities have privilege, and oftentimes, this privilege allows them to speak up about issues that so many others have to confront and suffer silently.
4490	Celebrities like Mahima Chaudhari, Arshifa Khan, Lucky dancer Akshay Giri, and makeup artist Amit Dhuria and Chitrlekha Sen have participated in her shows.
4491	Celebrity chef Vikas Khanna will judge the Bigg Boss 13 contestants on their cooking abilities.
4492	Cement manufacturers were taking longer than usual to meet their supply orders, he said noting that there are problems in supply.
4493	Cemtrex Inc (NASDAQ:CETX) was the recipient of a large increase in short interest during the month of January.
4494	“Centaur MC started as a motorcycle club,” says Todd White.
4495	"Central and local government communicated plainly with us, even about uncertainties, offering us a high-trust regime that relied on voluntary good behaviour on everyone’s part, and so far it has worked."
4496	Central Florida, South Florida, Tampa Bay.
4497	Central Gauteng Lions president Anne Vilas addressing the media during a virtual press conference.
4498	Central origin dizziness is the result of damage to the central nervous system and is a different type of feeling than the low blood pressure issues or the medication based issues that we have discussed previously.
4499	Centre director Jessica Critchell said she had been working on the project for 18 months, using her 17 years’ experience in education and care to develop the service.
4500	Centre manager, Elliot Hay, explained that while the centre was still open to look after and take in animals, they were currently closed to the public.
4501	CEO Cook was asked to participate in a congressional hearing on antitrust in tech in July.
4502	CEO Mark Zuckerberg made his first appearance at the forum, and called on tech firms to welcome some regulation around election interference.
4503	CEO Nadav Benedek added that mosquitoes are adept at avoiding human vision and then attacking us when we aren’t looking.
4504	CERB officially ended on September 26.
4505	Ceremonial BPM was toned down and happened only in Eastern Command, the second source stated.
4506	Certainly, it is possible the State Department could do more with a larger budget, but it would be a mistake to equate resources with effectiveness.
4507	Certainly not dull figures, and numbers which best what Honda’s beloved Civic Type R offers.
4508	"Certainly, terrorists will not achieve their goals.
4509	“Certainly that’s annoying as a press person when there is somebody behind you yelling,” Smith said.
4510	Certainly there are those who feel cheated from the use of our beaches during these trying times, but life goes on and the beaches will still be there in a week, month or year.
4511	Certainly the suggestion there is no hint of anything linking Qatar to corruption is incorrect.
4512	Certainly we got some incredible stories during the renaissance era of original "Star Wars" fiction kicked off by Timothy Zahn's original Thrawn trilogy and Dark Horse's incredible "Dark Empire" mini-series.
4513	“Certainly we want everybody to be on full alert,” Pfaff said.
4514	Certified crop adviser continuing education units will be available.
4515	Cervids include deer, elk and moose.
4516	“CETA has a committee to discuss new regulations and mutual recognition.
4517	“CFD members put themselves in harm’s way without hesitation to selflessly uphold the oath they took to be there for every person they encounter during an emergency situation.”
4518	Cfra cut shares of Hershey from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $150.00 to $125.00 in a report on Thursday, April 23rd.
4519	Chad adds that it’s best to chop and mix all the aromatics first – then fold them delicately into the avocado, using a spatula.
4520	Chad Cloutier, CEO of facility operator DLTC Healthcare, denied that the case was related to the outbreak and said that the facility had tested all residents and staff Sunday, immediately after learning an employee had tested positive.
4521	Chad, which originally imposed masks, did a u-turn due to lack of material.
4522	Chaffin held at third but Martindale tried to sneak into second on the throw towards the plate only to be tagged out when the throw came in to second instead of home.
4523	Chaidez-Meza helped to manage the cell in Baltimore.
4524	Chalamet is adored and respected by many for his multiple roles in the independent film circuit and award-winning films such as “Call Me by Your Name,” “Beautiful Boy” and “Lady Bird.”
4525	Chamisa lost the poll challenge at the Constitutional Court but insists he won.
4526	Chancellor Rishi Sunak unveiled his £30 billion economic mini-budget today, announcing extra support for jobs, young people, green homes and the hospitality industry.
4527	Chances are we will not know today.
4528	Changes to the exterior are minimal, but the paint job gives a hint of the opulence.
4529	Charged with restraining any Method user who gets too powerful, the Binder showed how skill and mental acumen could make up for a physical deficit.
4530	Chargers coach Anthony Lynn struggled to keep track of the many play-clock blunders that occurred during the Chargers’ 27-17 loss to the Buffalo Bills on Sunday.
4531	Charities and numerous privately organised GoFundMe pages have also attracted pledges worth tens of thousands of dollars.
4532	Charity and aid drives are being held regularly across Afghanistan since the country entered a lockdown to stem the spread of the coronavirus.
4533	Chark is a bigger and better athlete.
4534	Charles, 71, happens to be the first British royal family member to have tested positive for COVID-19.
4535	Charles Miller with NBR Electronics said 99.1-percent of cyber-attacks start with a spear phishing email.
4536	Charles Nielsen addressed the committee that voted to send the legislation to the full House as Bailey Nielsen stood at his side with the weapon slung over her right shoulder, but did not say anything.
4537	Charles paid homage to his grandmother, Princess Alice, for sheltering Jews in Nazi-occupied Greece during World War II, on Thursday.
4538	Charles went on to express his sympathy for those who have died during the pandemic.
4539	Charlie Chadwick, a corrections officer from Arizona, told ABC News his bank account balance was negative when his stimulus payment arrived due to auto payment of bills.
4540	Charlie Mulgrew was speaking at a William Hill media event.
4541	Charlotte Charles urged Boris Johnson, Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab and Mike Pompeo to discuss the case of her.
4542	CHARLOTTE, N.C. – At a time when the thought of holiday crowds might be more frightening than festive, Target is introducing a new safety measure: reservations.
4543	Charlton, Atherley and field hockey head coach Josette Babineau intend to embrace the spring season.
4544	Charter critics might applaud that gap and pray it gets even larger, but they have a problem.
4545	Charvarius Ward, who missed Week 2, is questionable with a hand injury.
4546	Chase tried to talk her down and urged her to take the day off from work, but she insisted that she needed to go.
4547	Chase will hate that he might’ve made Brook Lynn feel judged over her one-night stand with Valentin Cassadine (James Patrick Stuart).
4548	Chatham Arts Council’s CAARE initiative is here to help.
4549	CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. (AP) - A Republican lawmaker from Chattanooga is under fire for comments made during a local TV interview in which he blamed.
4550	CHATTANOOGA (WDEF) – The Chattanooga Zoo has their first meerkat pups.
4551	Chat with Ann about takeout, restaurant closures, and more.
4552	Chau said the "hot spots'' of Santa Ana and Anaheim "keep me up at night'' with concern.
4553	Chauvin’s picture is next to a photo of a white supremacist wearing a “Make Whites Great Again” cap.
4554	Chávez, who’s from Aguascalientes, Mexico, is proof that where there’s a will — and a hill — there’s a way.
4555	Check out High Octane Comics this weekend.
4556	Check out Lil Pump and Anuel AA's 'Illuminati" video up above.
4557	Check out our to plan your next trip to the movies.
4558	Check out the Twitter post below.
4559	Check out today’s Midlands Mugshots.
4560	Checkpoint rehearsal also gives the team a chance to confirm that OSIRIS-REx's Natural Feature Tracking (NFT) guidance system accurately updates the spacecraft's position and velocity relative to Bennu as it descends towards the surface.
4561	“” checks both of these boxes, combining a wholesome love story, a dance competition and as a bonus, a Broadway musical.
4562	Check these out and tell me they’re not good.
4563	Check the temperature in your fridge.
4564	Cheeks added, “From news to sports to entertainment, CBS sets the standard, and I look forward to building on this tremendous foundation as we find new and innovative ways to deliver CBS to audiences worldwide.”
4565	Chefs have to work with things like frozen spinach when they haven’t budgeted for fresh, and must thicken soups with baby food or ground rice cakes if there’s no flour.
4566	Chelsea are among the teams monitoring the situation – and are reported to be willing to more than double his wages.
4567	Chelsea have reached an agreement with RB Leipzig to sign striker Timo Werner, who is set to join the English side in July.
4568	Chelsea have taken a final decision on selling winger, Calum Hudson-Odoi, to Bayern Munich before Monday’s transfer deadline day.
4569	CHELTENHAM, England — Being stuck at home didn’t stop a British man from running an outdoor marathon.
4570	"Chemical Hearts" debuts on Amazon on Friday (21Aug20).
4571	Che’Nelle chatted with HollywoodLife over email about the new song, working with The Stereotypes, her fan’s reaction to her new sound, and what her supporters can expect in the next year.
4572	CHENEY – The only warning Malden residents John and Carolyn Bliesner had of the coming disaster was the urgent pounding on their door and yelled instructions to leave - now.
4573	Chennaiyin FC, who are pushing for a place in the play-offs, took the lead after only seven minutes of play courtesy of an excellent individual effort from Rafael Crivellaro.
4574	Chennedy Carter ranks eighth in the country in scoring thanks to her aggressive style of play and deep range.
4575	Cheryl Breining Stankov: "Italian hot dogs and sausage sandwiches."
4576	Chester Thurman Barnes III, Geri Burnice Watts and Holly Renee Loyd, all of Brooklyn, were arrested and charged accordingly.
4577	Chhath Puja 2020 day 4: Chhath Puja concludes with 'Usha Arghya'
4578	Chicago-based Hyatt Hotels, announced as the hotel’s operator earlier this month, runs nearly 770 hotels worldwide, including nine in Utah.
4579	CHICAGO: Delta Air Lines and Air New Zealand said they would offer cargo charter services on passenger planes to boost revenue as the US Senate neared a vote on a Bill to give its carriers US$58 billion in aid, including payroll support.
4580	Chicago, Ill.-based HUB International Ltd. has added Geoff Hatfield and Scott Webb to the Central region executive team.
4581	Chicago police investigate the scene where 4 people were shot including a 8-year-old boy in the 700 block of South Karlov in the Lawndale.
4582	Chicago Tribune said in an editorial, Grasso said, Pritzker is moving the goal posts.
4583	Chicken would bring the protein in. Now I enjoy snapper, conch and pepperpot stew.
4584	Chick-shaped Peeps are during Easter.
4585	Chief among their attacking weapons were midfielders TJ Faiane, a man generally relied upon to make the right decision, and his partner Rieko Ioane, who scored two tries and ran with pace and power throughout.
4586	Chief among the policies was the shift in public investment toward rural areas, mainly under the leadership of the Jahad-e Sazandegi (Construction Jihad).
4587	Chief Executive Officer of Charkin Maritime and Offshore Safety Centre, Sir Charles Kinikanwo Wami accompanied the Ambassador to the Government House Port Harcourt.
4588	Chief Executive Officer of the Canterbury & District Soccer Football Association, Ian Holmes, said Ewen Park had special significance.
4589	Chief Justice John Roberts said of her death, “Our nation has lost a jurist of historic stature.
4590	Chief Nutrition started as a side project in late 2014, says Justin Babet, and the co-founders have been working on it fulltime for the past two years.
4591	Chief Nwosu further stated that the time had come for Nigerians to snatch the destiny of this great nation from the claws of enemies of the economy who had held the country to ransom for too long.
4592	Chief of Army Staff is not Fulani, Chief of Naval Staff is not Fulani, Chief of Defence Staff is not Fulani, Inspector General of Police is not Fulani, and so what are they saying?
4593	Chief of Defence Staff Jonathan Vance sits in the front row during a news conference Friday, June 26, 2020 in Ottawa.
4594	Chief Press Secretary CPS to the FCT minister, Anthony Ogunleye in a statement on Tuesday also noted that of the figure, four medical doctors have however paid the ultimate price.
4595	Chief Segun Osoba and his family have accepted and treated me like a son.
4596	"Chief Wabena heard of the curing waters called minnewaucan.
4597	Chikubabe, do u really know the meaning of the word dyslexic or u want to give the word your own meaning?
4598	Childcare has become central to US economic recovery – but daycares and other providers are struggling to safely reopen during a pandemic and the worst recession in decades.
4599	Child care opens for dependents of essential employees and phase one reopening employees and there are limits on the number of people who can be in the child care facilities, per Gov. Hogan’s recommendations.
4600	Children 2 and under, and anyone with a developmental disability that prevents the wearing of a face covering or is hearing impaired and relies on lip reading are exempt.
4601	Children and their families may eat less and consume less nutritious food when schools are closed, a phenomenon known as holiday hunger.
4602	Children aren’t born racist.
4603	Children under 16 are able to visit residential aged care facilities.
4604	Children used to be caned for expressing any form of Maori culture.
4605	Children were also asked to bring Santa a letter and drop it off in a mailbox.
4606	“Children whose parents have resources, they probably didn’t lose too much ground during the spring.
4607	Chilean “burglary tourists” who raided TV chef ’s London home were known criminals wanted at home over a catalogue of serious offences, the Standard reveals today.
4608	Chill in the fridge for the next 48 hours, flipping the salmon every 8 hours or so to ensure it cures evenly.
4609	China began publishing the number of asymptomatic cases on Wednesday.
4610	China behind coronavirus outbreak?
4611	China boasts the world's largest manufacturing industry.
4612	“China has emerged as a major economic power in the world, and as a country with a significant role in migration, whether in Asia or globally.
4613	China has imposed quarantine and travel restrictions, affecting the movement of 56 million people in more than a dozen cities, amid fears that the transmission rate will accelerate as hundreds of millions of Chinese travel for the Lunar New Year.
4614	China has largely eliminated new local outbreaks by requiring masks indoors and on public transport, requiring two-week quarantines for those entering the country and banning some foreign entirely.
4615	China has pressed ahead with attempts to enforce its claims to much of the South China Sea and has ignored an arbitration ruling won by the Philippines that invalidated China's claims.
4616	China is not out of danger from a revived contagion and instability.
4617	China is sending thousands of doctors, tests, and medical supplies to Europe, Australia, and southeast Asia.
4618	China Mum on Trump’s ‘Incredible Deal’
4619	China reacts to U.S. Taiwan and Tibet resolutions.
4620	China reported a cluster of pneumonia cases in Wuhan, the capital of Central China’s Hubei province, to the World Health Organization (WHO).
4621	China reports 61 new COVID-19 cases for Sunday, highest daily domestic infections since March 6 https://t.
4622	China's authorities are likely to swing from resisting added stimulus to moving very quickly and significantly at some point later in the year as things deteriorate.
4623	China’s Baidu (BIDU), their home grown search engine, is trading at just 7.5 times, though Wall Street does not seem fond of this stock based on consensus earnings estimates.
4624	China’s carrier program is not an attempt to build a blue water navy for the purposes of expansion and hegemony, but rather for coastal defense.
4625	China's J-20 Stealth Fighter: Can It Dogfight?
4626	China’s markets are rising as the central bank cut one year lending rate and injected some 300 billion yuan into economy: the Shanghai Composite Index is up 2.3% while Hong Kong’s Index is 0.5% higher.
4627	China’s Wuhan To Test All 11 Million Residents In 10 Days After.
4628	Chinese authorities have reported that 80% of the cases in China are among those ages 60 and older, and the World Health Organization estimates that 14% of the reported cases in China are „severe.“
4629	Chinese authorities issued more flood warnings for China’s Yangtze River on Friday, as heavy rains were forecast in provinces in the country’s south.
4630	Chinese doctor Li Wenliang shared this photo on his Weibo account in January.
4631	Chinese health authorities on Tuesday said it received reports of 3,235 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection and 64 deaths on Monday from 31 provincial-level regions and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps.
4632	Chinese officials have evoked such belief, quoting Friedrich Engels in particular to claim that Comrade Xi’s “new era” will emerge stronger from its struggle with COVID-19.
4633	Chinese state media reported that lawmakers overwhelmingly supported the draft.
4634	Chirwa came to Mzimba in 2014.
4635	Chloe Booker is a reporter at The Age.
4636	Chloe moved into her new pad back in February, and has been busy giving fans insight to her stunning new abode.
4637	Chlorine gas is yellow-green colored and has a strong smell similar to bleach.
4638	ChocolateFest is a major engine for funding various community non-profit groups that provide the staffing to pull off the four-day event.
4639	Choose the latter if you’d like to test drive CloudReady for short while—doing so allows you to try out Neverware’s OS without any destructive changes to your system.
4640	Choose your favourite Category, like comedy or theatre or magic.
4641	Choosing a quarterback has become a more difficult job for the Bears with no exhibition games on their schedule.
4642	Choosing the mural for Aiken's 2020 commemorative ornament was "a no-brainer," said Haley Knight, executive director of the Aiken Downtown Development Association, as it encompasses the Aiken community's collaboration throughout the last year.
4643	Choosing the right business type is important because your decision is going to outline the exposure to taxability, liability, and other several factors.
4644	Chouhan said that home isolation should be promoted among asymptomatic corona patients, who voluntarily wish to remain at home with suitable arrangements for regular treatment and monitoring.
4645	Chowdhury requested PM Modi to intervene and postpone the exams.
4646	CHP is published weekly in the fall, winter and spring quarters by the City on a Hill Press publishing group, except during Thanksgiving and academic breaks.
4647	Chris Barker in action for Cardiff in 2004.
4648	Chris Cooper said he did not have immediate thoughts on the push to charge Amy Cooper and is now taking time to reflect, CBS2’s Aundrea Cline-Thomas reports.
4649	"Chris had a tough night," Trump posted on Wednesday morning on Twitter, calling the debate a "two on one" fight.
4650	Chris Hemsworth donates $1 million to fight Australian bushfiresHollywood actor Chris Hemsworth on Tuesday announced that he is donating $1 million to fight against the Australian bushfire.
4651	“Chris is rather unusual in that he is both a business executive and a creative executive,” Bakish says of McCarthy.
4652	Chrislip estimates she received between $35,000 and $40,000 in compensation for her surrogacy, which she and her husband, Brandon Chrislip, used to pay off student loans and buy a bigger house.
4653	Chris Lloyd, Press Officer for the North Wales Mountain Rescue Association added: РђюWe would like to thank all those who have taken heed of notices not to venture onto the hills or mountains during the strict lockdown period.
4654	Chris Prosinski is a former NFL football player for the Jacksonville Jaguars, Philadelphia Eagles and Chicago Bears.
4655	Christian films are big business in the movie industry these days, something his dad even pointed out.
4656	Christian got the upper hand and tagged in Black, who continued the work on TJP.
4657	Christian-supported NGOs too pour in their might.
4658	Christian Wielage, board chairman of the Irem Temple Restoration Project Inc., said the funding is in place for the work.
4659	Christine Hong, with the nonprofit Interfaith Works, talked about her organization’s success in dealing with people experiencing homelessness who have mental health issues.
4660	Christine Lagarde, president of the European Central Bank, and Steve Mnuchin, secretary of the US Treasury, in Davos.
4661	Christmas Cheer, a 50-year-old annual effort created to help people in Sackville at Christmas time, is low on money.
4662	"Christmas means joy, celebration, being thankful and it means family and love.
4663	Christopher Buskirk () is the editor and publisher of the journal American Greatness and a contributing opinion writer.
4664	“Christopher came out with this level of fury that I don’t think I’ve ever seen from him before,” Cai recalls.
4665	Christopher Kackley of Fort Dodge, had his probation revoked on the charges of Count 1 “Possession of Contraband,” a class D felony, and Count 2 “Possession of a Controlled Substance (Methamphetamine),” a serious misdemeanor.
4666	Christopher Tuckwell was born in Kingston upon Thames in 1945, soon after the war ended.
4667	Chrome stockpiles and an excavator worth more than R2m were seized in a raid on an illegal mining operation in Limpopo on Friday, the Hawks said.
4668	Chronic pain without injury is not common but suggests some misfiring in the circuitry.
4669	Chu has never been one to make excuses and that didn’t change after this game.
4670	CIBC upgraded TFI International from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price target for the company from C$38.00 to C$47.00 in a report on Monday, June 15th.
4671	Cicero Diagnostics currently offers BCL6 as part of their ReceptivaDx™ test for unexplained infertility, failed implantation and recurrent pregnancy loss.
4672	Cincinnati is scheduled to go to Kansas City for a two-game series starting Tuesday night.
4673	Cincinnati: Was dominant on both sides of the ball.
4674	Cindy Crawford is still every inch the supermodel at 53 while Rande Gerber looks great at 57Credit: Avalon.red. All rights reserved.
4675	Cindy Smith searched brick yards through out the region for the right clay, but to no avail.
4676	"Cindy was such a gentle, happy person.
4677	Cipollone’s relationship with Trump has long been reinforced by the fact that he shares the President’s sweeping view of executive authority.
4678	Circling back, though, to me, part of the best-case scenario for Windler is him not only showcasing notable shooting off-the-catch, but also via movement in that realm, and perhaps more notably, as a shooter off-the-bounce.
4679	“Circumstances are unprecedented, but we hope to start playing again in June and finish our 19/20 season this summer.”
4680	Citadel Defense is one of hundreds of companies with a counter-UAS offering.
4681	Cities go into lockdown, quarantine rules are introduced, new hospitals are built to try to cope with the numbers of sick.
4682	Cities in Hubei Province remain on lockdown but supplies for everyday life is basically guaranteed.
4683	Cities were ranked according to their average annual motor vehicle theft rate per 100,000 people based on data from 2017 to 2019.
4684	Citigroup increased their price target on shares of Applied Therapeutics from $29.00 to $44.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 9th.
4685	Citigroup lowered shares of Columbia Sportswear from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $110.00 to $100.00 in a research note on Friday.
4686	Citing a senior LDP official, the report says that Japan is expected to declare a state of emergency at 'any day' now in response to the virus outbreak in the country, but restrictions on individuals will not be compulsory due to the constitution.
4687	Citing the formula used by the insurance firms to calculate the compensation, Tomar said since the inception of the scheme in 2016, a claim amount of ₹302.33 lakh was distributed among 7,58,109 farmers, each getting on average less than ₹40.
4688	Citizenship by investment is one.”
4689	Citizens shares last traded at $21.61, with a volume of 217 shares traded.
4690	"Citizens who already have an absentee ballot should sign the back of the envelope and hand-deliver it to their city or township clerk's office or ballot drop box as soon as possible.
4691	“City councils, especially across eastern North Carolina, either have to comply with the governor’s order or violate the original debt covenants that were used to finance these utilities,” Folwell said in a press release.
4692	City council will vote on the plan later this month.
4693	City dominated possession, especially in the first half, but again lacked a cutting edge without a natural striker.
4694	City finally got their noses in front in the 34th minute.
4695	City Hall has been closed for more than a week because staff is concerned about safety and unsanitary conditions.
4696	City leaders see it as a vote of confidence.
4697	City officials say they wanted to give business owners the option so they and their other customers will feel safe while shopping.
4698	City personnel will hand out free masks to anyone who is not wearing a face covering, the mayor said.
4699	City’s ban potentially moving the Champions League places to fifth felt like it opened up the entire top half below them.
4700	City staff expanded on the rationale for the decision in a memo to council on Thursday, saying the approach to date has kept all city-run long-term care home residents free from COVID-19 infection.
4701	City & State, a news outlet which covers New York politics, wrote a for the governor after he confirmed his break up with longtime partner Sandra Lee last fall.
4702	City were demanding around £140million for Sane last summer – but will not be able to command anywhere near that figure in the current climate.
4703	Civic Center Rally from stage.
4704	Civilian COVID-19 cases would also be admitted to these hospitals as a surge capacity to augment state healthcare facilities, officials said.
4705	Civil service unions described the prime minister’s decision as a “kick in the teeth” for Whitehall staff which would destroy confidence in the government’s complaints processes.
4706	Civitas (CIV) traded 5.4% lower against the dollar and now trades at $0.0107 or 0.00000109 BTC.
4707	Claiming to be newly sober and in therapy for the last year, musician has released an apology letter to ex-wife and others for past abusive behavior.
4708	Claim to fame: “Marbling that melts and tenderizes for an even meatier, juicier burger.”
4709	Claire Foy has left her crown as Elizabeth II well and truly behind her as she is set to star in the psychological horror ‘Dust’.
4710	Claire is expecting her second child with husband Andrew Joblon.
4711	Claire Quirke's personal bank account also received money transferred from her father's accounts.
4712	Claire Williams, the deputy team principal of the eponymous team founded by her father Frank, says the decision to race on is a major positive.
4713	Claps and cheers could be heard in cities across the country, including in my neighborhood in Madrid, the region with the most COVID-19 cases in Spain.
4714	Clare Crawley blows up "The Bachelorette" next Tuesday at 8 p.m. ET on ABC, as Tayshia Adams slides in to look at the wreckage.
4715	Clare explained that she had used brick wallpaper from B&Q to make the walls look authentic and added big red doors plus fake windows made from wood and old photo frame.
4716	Clare manager Brian Lohan on the sideline during their National League game against Laois at Cusack Park.
4717	Clarence’s family wishes to thank the staff at Norseland Nursing Home, Vernon Memorial Hospital and Old Times Assisted Living for all of their wonderful care.
4718	Clarence Thomas is just not on the right side of any of these issues.
4719	Clare reportedly fell in love with Dale just 12 days into filming and wanted to pursue a real relationship with him instead of continuing to date multiple men at once.
4720	Clare told Moss, “When you got here, it was like electricity for me because I knew that I had just met my husband.
4721	Clark County deputies on Wednesday served a warrant on Doehne tied to the KeyBank robbery.
4722	Clark, Darrell R., 90, Vancouver, died Aug. 29, 2020.
4723	Clarke has helped end 22 years of hurt by leading the team to the finals of a major tournament for the first time since the 1998 World Cup following a penalty shootout win against Serbia which booked Scotland’s place in next summer’s Euro 2020 finals.
4724	Clarke was asked by the media if he was planning an early night ahead of his showdown with Woods.
4725	Clark said he was disappointed that Foot Locker and Champs were closed.
4726	Clark was going for his first PGA Tour victory and needed a 10-foot birdie putt at the end of regulation for the victory.
4727	Class 12 result will be announced at the board's head office in Ranchi by education minister Jaâ€¦ https://t.
4728	C., later tested positive for COVID-19.
4729	Claudia López says you can’t exercise after 10am, but there are plenty of people doing exercise in the parque nacional daily, often just yards from the police and park authorities alike.
4730	Cleanup is underway after crude oil was spilled at an Enbridge site in southern Alberta.
4731	Clearly, also think so.
4732	“Clearly, as people spent more time at home and were getting advice to avoid being out in public, we started seeing digital sales soar,” Cornell said.
4733	Clearly for someone to commit murder and not be a psychopath, they’d have to have severely impaired judgement.
4734	Clearly, the asteroid impact set off a cascade of despair, and as previous research has shown, volcanoes that erupted around the time of the impact didn’t help either.
4735	Clearly, their employer doesn’t want anything which criticizes capitalism nor which asserts that fascism is dictatorial capitalism and describes today’s U.S. body-politic.
4736	Clearly the movie is being positioned for awards season.
4737	"Clearly, the numbers on the BOP web site cannot be trusted,” John Murphy, the executive director of the Federal Defender Program in Chicago, told the Tribune earlier this week.
4738	Clearly, the police must firmly and decisively changed their operational paradigms.
4739	Clearly, the SARS-CoV-2 virus can cause serious health problems, and disturbing behavioral changes, if it gets into the brain.
4740	Cleckley is not a member of the New York Funeral Directors Association, the organization said.
4741	Cleethorpes Coastguard is warning people against encouraging others to rescue them because 'they will become a casualty too'
4742	Cleland says it’s a safe bet that TV returns will be up by at least 20% after the Super Bowl.
4743	Clement became a free agent in mid-March after the Eagles opted against placing a contract tender on him.
4744	Clement was proud to serve his country during World War II.
4745	CLEVELAND — It was sloppy, ugly and chaotic.
4746	Cleveland Research reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Fastenal in a research note on Tuesday, September 24th.
4747	Click „Get code“ to verify your phone number.
4748	Click here to read more about Winkeler from our affiliate WPDE.
4749	Click here to subscribe!
4750	Click "IP Address Settings (Automatic)," and then "DHCP Host Name (Do Not Use)," and finally "DNS Settings (Manual)."
4751	Click on one of the links below to buy your preferred Blu smartphone now.
4752	Click on the map below for more stories from across Colorado.
4753	Click the link to buy the book at Amazonhttps://www.
4754	Clifford and Margaret Rabe are recognized by friends, family and neighbors for having the longest current marriage in Minnesota Monday, Oct. 26, 2020, outside their home in Lake City.
4755	Clifford The Big Red Dog Movie (2021) - Itâ€™s here: your very first look at Clifford The Big Red Dog!
4756	Climate breakdown is a dire threat to national parks.
4757	Clinesmith’s guilty plea is significant, in part, because he may be willing to implicate others who are higher in the DOJ chain of command.
4758	Clive Davis first-year Jackson Craig graced the Mercury Lounge stage on Wednesday, Feb. 12 clad in a fuzzy orange jacket and red-tinted John Lennon glasses.
4759	Cllr Adrienne Wallace raised the matter at last week’s meeting of Carlow Co Council.
4760	Closed-circuit cameras monitor the Ramada’s corridors, and entrances are watched by police around the clock so that no one comes or goes without permission.
4761	Closely contested states to watch for early results will be Florida, Georgia, and North Carolina.
4762	Closer inspection of Omar and Melton-Meaux’s filings show differences in where their money comes from.
4763	Closing a religious private school, while allowing secular businesses to remain open, is suspect under the new rule that the Court announced before Thanksgiving.
4764	“Closing our doors is not an option,” a statement from JBD White Horse Inn read.
4765	Closing out the period of questioning, SGA Comptroller Kole Keeney spoke in support of Posadas.
4766	“Closing the markets would neither mitigate nor address the underlying causes of market volatility.
4767	“Closure is a very strong word and we don’t know what that means yet,” she said.
4768	Cloth face coverings may slow the spread of the virus and help people who may have the virus and do not know it from transmitting it to others.
4769	Cloud partner for the region.
4770	CL Smooth's knack for packing in autobiographical detail filled the space.
4771	Clutch plays by Jibri Blount (12 points and 10 rebounds) and Deven Palmer (13 points) were key in the victory.
4772	Clutter is particularly stressful for women, who are often the ones tasked with keeping the home orderly, said Dr. Saxbe, of the University of Southern California, where she is an associate professor of psychology.
4773	Cmdr. Freitas comes to SGOT-SD after serving as the Seventh Fleet Oceanographer in Yokosuka, Japan.
4774	Cmon dude that shit was funny!
4775	CMPD says out of respect for the judicial process, the department won’t comment on pending litigation.
4776	CNG noted that the northern region should be more concerned about the security problems that had enveloped the area for a long time.
4777	CNN White House Correspondent White House speech on Thursday “a very disturbing tableau for the country” made by “somebody in deep psychological distress.”
4778	Coaches know that, which is why many if not most teams don't even practice between games this deep in the playoffs.
4779	Coaches should position themselves on the other side of the net, limit the use of equipment, and use new or fresh balls for each lesson where possible.
4780	Coach John Keister made double substitutions as Sierra Leone plot to find the back of the net twice.
4781	Coach talked to me about it and today, I worked more on getting in front of the goalie, and it worked out a couple times.”
4782	Coady Institute receives More thant $200,000 to support Wome.
4783	Coastal GasLink said while its workers complied with the eviction notice the company is legally permitted to operate in the area and the only people on the site over the weekend were security staff.
4784	Codiac Ultimate Frisbee Leagues have been suspended until further notice.
4785	Co-director Eric Goode is a conservationist and philanthropist, and the series seems as if it been started as an exposé on what’s happening to exotic cats in captivity in the US.
4786	Coggin Heeringa has been the Crossroads’ Director since 2001, and until 2017 she was the only full-time staff member.
4787	CO Jim Guida (Brainerd East) worked fishing this past week with the angling opener.
4788	CO John Slatinski IV (Ray) worked trapping and snowmobile enforcement this past week.
4789	Cold has a powerful effect on the human body.
4790	Cold weather causes batteries to weaken and can lead to sluggish starts and difficulty turning over an engine in the winter.
4791	Cold winters that usually drive beetles to hibernate, protecting pine forests for a spell, are growing shorter.
4792	Coleman-Lands was 3 for 5 from 3-point range and freshman Romeo Weems had 11 points as the Blue Demons knocked off a team ranked in the top five for the first time since beating No. 5 Kansas on Dec. 2, 2006.
4793	Coleman-Mitchell was nominated for the post on February 22, returning to Connecticut after serving as executive director for Cougar Health Services at Washington State University.
4794	Colin Chik: As I mentioned previously, BluMaan is a barber-endorsed, indie grooming brand.
4795	Colin Kopel of the Goliath Consulting Group—a restaurant adviser based in Norcross, Georgia—says that none of its local clients are opening up their dining rooms although the state government restrictions.
4796	Collectively, they’ve decided we’re not going to put an end on it.
4797	College football Week 12 game threadWith the Longhorns enjoying another bye week, which games will you be watching?
4798	College is a time to meet new people, challenge one’s beliefs and experience freedom for perhaps the first time.
4799	College was supposed to give us hope for our financial future, not place us back in our parents’ houses without jobs.
4800	Collin County Votes kicked off about five years after the Collin County Business Alliance formed in 2011.
4801	Collin Morikawa watches his shot from the fairway on the 18th hole during the third round of the PGA Championship golf tournament at TPC Harding Park Saturday, Aug. 8, 2020, in San Francisco.
4802	Collins had the program back on the right path.
4803	Collins is reportedly dating Buyanga's ex-lover and mother to his son, Chantelle.
4804	Collins led among men, 43-41, but Gideon had an overall advantage of 44-39, with 12 percent undecided and 6 percent saying they favored another candidate.
4805	Collins, president of App State’s College Republicans and junior political science major, said he has his eyes on state offices, aiming for governor if not further.
4806	Collins recorded his ninth game with at least 30 points this season, and his game-high rebound total helped the Hawks to a commanding 52-38 edge on the boards.
4807	Cologne pulled themselves together after the break and Jhon Cordoba twice had the ball in the net but both efforts were ruled out for offside, the first after a long VAR delay.
4808	Colombo (News 1st); 11 people tested positive for COVID-19 today, according to the National Operations Centre for Preventing COVID-19.
4809	Colourful plates are an easy way to get your kids to eat more nutrients.
4810	Colten Minkel went 3-for-5 to lead Bird Island.
4811	“Colt’s never mentioned even wanting to have children.”
4812	COLUMBIA — South Carolina set a record for new confirmed COVID-19 cases for the second day in a row on Friday, according to the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control.
4813	Columbus, Ohio, February 2020 -- BrewDog Kennels are adding to Columbus' hotel stock and raising the city's profile as a beer destination.
4814	Columnist Scott Stinson says the outbreak shows ‘MLB’s astonishing lack of foresight’
4815	Columnist suspended for calling Browns' Mayfield “midget”
4816	Column: Trump’s daily coronavirus news briefings aren’t just excruciating.
4817	Combined security personnel made up of Counter Terrorism Unit of the Police Service and Armed Forces on Friday embarked on an intensive search for the alleged secessionist in the Volta Region.
4818	Combined the systems would cost between $36,800 and $159,200, according to the report.
4819	“Combined, this resulted in these customers having a trip time of one hour on compared to a total end-to-end trip time of 24 minutes,” Manconi wrote.
4820	Comcast does not provide service throughout the country and its markets tend to be mostly urban and suburban.
4821	Comcast’s NBCUniversal, meanwhile, struck a deal with AMC Theatres to shorten the amount of time a movie plays in theaters before it’s allowed to be watched digitally.
4822	"Come around to the back.
4823	Comedian Rufus Jones recalled Trump’s comments about injecting bleach to fight the virus.
4824	Come join us for this presentation on Thursday, February 20, at 7 pm.
4825	Come on, they aren't that baaad.
4826	Comes to hand quickly, and fitted with a nice Doomben trial win.
4827	ComicBook.com will have full coverage of WWE Super ShowDown on Thursday, February 27th.
4828	Coming back to her new CD, Uprising, she certainly rose to the challenge with breath-taking foot-stomping tunes that would send shivers running riot in the bellies of music lovers across the spheres.
4829	Coming from African origin, this name means “light” in Swahili.
4830	Coming from the Nigerian music industry that’s had just a handful of women rise to the top, her breakout 2018 single “Mr Rebel” was a breath of fresh air.
4831	Coming into this week, I could see that with other people too.
4832	“Coming to school is going to look pretty normal.”
4833	Coming up with a workable scheme had been "difficult", he continued, because the self-employed were a "diverse population" and some of them earned a great deal.
4834	COM is reporting that "all signs point to an announcement in the coming days" that GOOD KARMA BRANDS Sports WMVP-A (ESPN 1000)/CHICAGO has won the bidding for CHICAGO WHITE SOX baseball.
4835	“Commenting on every post until Kendall marries me,” commented a rather enthusiastic fan.
4836	Commenting on the award, the Group Managing Director/CEO of Zenith Bank Plc., Ebenezer Onyeagwu described the award as joyful and testimonial on the bank.
4837	Commenting on the matter, she said that the locals had created an issue out of nothing.
4838	Commenting on the passing of the Petroleum Industry Bill by June, he said he was confident that it would be passed based on the cordial relationship between the legislature and the executive.
4839	Commercial drivers, over the weekend were said to have unilaterally increased the lorry fare from three Ghana cedis to four Ghana cedis, representing a hike of 33 per cent.
4840	Commercial vehicle drivers however operated within the streets and roads unhindered but with low patronage as the majority of the people stayed indoors and glued their ears and eyes on their radios and televisions from where they monitored the situation.
4841	Commissioner Hogan and MEP Frances Fitzgerald rub elbows before a discussion at the Royal Irish Academy today.
4842	Commissioner Israel Akinsanya, said the project was funded by the Universal Access Fund, a program set up by the telecommunications act to provide services into areas where service providers have failed to provide services due to economic reasons.
4843	Commissioner Margaret Anderson Kelliher said “a safe, reliable and multimodal transportation system is essential to keeping our state running in times of crisis.”
4844	Commissioners adopted the proposed staff amendments to Commission orders pertaining to season dates, bag limits, permit quantities and areas open for deer, antelope and elk hunting.
4845	Commissioner Stevens said such harsh measures are not necessary in SA, due to the relatively low infection rate and widespread compliance.
4846	Committee aides tell ABC News to expect the day to last between nine and 12 hours.
4847	Committee member Alex Salop said the mission of finding an effective and feasible plan that would meet the needs of both students and staff has been difficult.
4848	Committing so many hours in the pool and to the team over break has not only allowed the swim and dive team to stay focused and fit but also bond as a group — especially given that a large portion of the campus was empty.
4849	Communal riots break out based on wrong WhatsApp messages and Photoshopped images.
4850	Communications in Tigray are cut and media have been barred, but security sources have told Reuters hundreds of combatants have been killed on both sides.
4851	Communication will be key.
4852	Communists have always known on some level that a year like 2020 would come, so in the decades before 2020 the CPC built a buffer against the worst of the inevitable chaos.
4853	Communities should also have access to education, training and jobs, through microeconomic initiatives.
4854	Communities will be informed once they are operational again.
4855	Community drug activists are also warning the drug has become more common since the Covid-19 lockdownthe HSE added additional information to its website drugs.
4856	Community engagement by community leaders," he said, was "completely missing".
4857	Community Health Systems reported earnings of ($0.47) per share in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year over year growth rate of 95.7%.
4858	Community members are also encouraged to exercise patience with retail workers and other shoppers because many businesses are short-staffed because of the virus.
4859	Como’s death was confirmed by a Port Authority spokesperson.
4860	Companies are about to report the June quarter, and it will be worse, containing as it does the three worst months.
4861	Companies assign managers resources and pay them to care for, nurture and get the most out of those resources.
4862	Companies in this story: (TSX:CTC.
4863	“Companies should continue to accelerate digital transformation and drive innovation relentlessly to improve their overall business performance.”
4864	Companies should review how third parties access their confidential data to make sure that only the right people can access the data for only approved purposes.
4865	Companies such as Zoom, a video conferencing platform, have seen such an increase in demand that its stocks rose earlier this month, despite the rollercoaster performance of Wall Street.
4866	Companies will then need to utilise more borrowings/revolving credit to finance inventory costs, which will lead to higher interest payments.
4867	Company representatives did not immediately respond to email and telephone messages seeking comment.
4868	Comparatively, 52.0% of Bankwell Financial Group shares are owned by institutional investors.
4869	Comparatively, 8.8% of T.A.T. Technologies shares are held by insiders.
4870	Compared to luxury cars that cost similarly—both electric and gas offerings, mind you—the Teslas we’ve driven have felt a little cheap.
4871	Compared to other countries, Canada’s epidemic growth has been slower, with the current number of new cases doubling every 16 days.
4872	Compare that with Phillip Lindsay who touched the ball 259 times.
4873	Comparethemarket.com says it has seen considerable demand for products with faster speeds since the restrictions began.
4874	Comparisons between Willow Rosenberg and Hermione Granger are easy to spot.
4875	Competitive and success driven, at the Naval Medical Center Portsmouth where she performed her pediatric residency, she was elected Chief of Pediatric Residents, graduating in 1998.
4876	Complained about my unsuccessful transaction that I was debited.
4877	Complete the INA scholarship application form, published on the INA and MEIC websites.
4878	Compliance with this regimen can be difficult for patients, caregivers, and healthcare systems, leading to undertreatment and resulting in loss of vision.
4879	Concentrating purely on core subjects like English, Maths and Science (physics/chemistry/biology) would in fact strengthen educational standards.
4880	Concern about discrimination is rising as the pandemic swamps more states and tests hospitals and health systems in its path.
4881	Concern has soared within the previously confident Republican establishment about Trump’s prospects against Joe Biden, the presumptive Democratic nominee.
4882	Concerns are growing about visitors overwhelming Central Oregon during the upcoming Memorial Day holiday weekend.
4883	Concerns are growing over the limited educational benefits of personalized learning systems, as well as the data and privacy implications of school platforms and systems such as Google Classroom.
4884	Concerns have been raised over the cost of pool hire for swimming clubs being increased by 48 per cent since leisure centres reopened.
4885	Concerns over contaminations started in September 2019, when the FDA became aware of independent laboratory testing that found NDMA in ranitidine.
4886	Conclusion is that, both Mahesh Babu and Namrata Shirodkar have decided to maintain silence until the central agency official confirms the latter’s name and summons her to join the drug probe.
4887	Conditions have improved after a cold snap across New South Wales this weekend dropped heavy snow in parts of the south and west.
4888	Conditions like coronary heart disease are quite rare in pets.
4889	Confidence is something O’Brien exudes.
4890	Confirming the sad development to the News Agency of Nigeria in Enugu on Saturday, the immediate younger brother of the deceased, Ejike Ugwueze, said his brother died of heart failure.
4891	Confronted by this bleak choice, the Government has drawn up five tests to decide when it is right to start adjusting the lockdown, with the Covid death toll already more than 28,000 but the number of daily fatalities falling.
4892	Confuse the public about the substance and impact of the Aker Amendments and deceive the public into believing somehow that the Aker Amendments are good for Ghana.
4893	Congratulation to the winner who is a local former professional surfer, who will make good use of this surfboard.”
4894	Congregations are being urged to consult their parish website about cancelled masses.
4895	Congress Has Always Been Partisan and That's a Good Thing.
4896	“Congress maintained important consumer protections in the ACA for people with preexisting conditions such as asthma, arthritis, cancer, diabetes and heart disease.”
4897	Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala had alleged that Jain is a BJP leader was also involved in the plot.
4898	Congresswomen Shalala and Wasserman Schultz in their speeches also remarked about the importance of TPS for Venezuelans.
4899	Conley has worked with the Trump as a patient for years and the president has veto over any aspect of revealing his medical information, such as when and how he was diagnosed, his use of oxygen and his maximum temperature.
4900	Connected offerings are plugged in to the internet, thereby providing the most updated and accurate information, but sacrificing language processing capabilities in the process.
4901	Connecticut’s efforts to connect low-income families to the internet are happening as telehealth has expanded.
4902	Connectyx Technologies Holdings Group, Inc. was founded in 1995 and is based in Stuart, Florida.
4903	Conner has received many awards and recognitions throughout his years of teaching.
4904	Conner was pronounced deceased on the scene as a result of injuries sustained in the crash.
4905	Connery retired from movies after disputes with the director of his final outing, the forgettable “The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen” in 2003.
4906	Connie Schultz is a Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist and professional in residence at Kent State University's school of journalism.
4907	Consequently, segmental revenues for cigarettes is down 30 per cent over the June 2019 quarter and segmental profits, down by 39 per cent.
4908	“Consequently upon the above the Okomu board management, once again would like to show our solidarity and support to our neighbours.
4909	Consequent to the guidelines, while some Churches had earlier decided to hold the Sunday mass before the curfew begins, realising the seriousness, cancelled it.
4910	“Conservative politicians in their campaign rhetoric and advertising talk, talk, talk about religious values and family values, but have little to say about declining values and ethical standards in business?
4911	Consider Dawn dishwashing detergent: One campaign by the company featured the soap being used to help clean up animals after an oil spill.
4912	Considered one of the greatest NBA basketball players of all time, is known for his incredible ability on the court.
4913	Consider how much you’re currently spending on rent where you live (for me, it was $1,725 a month for a one-bedroom apartment in Astoria, Queens, from 2016-2018).
4914	Considering all the power that Black Adam holds, it is no surprise that the character has been able to take on Superman himself.
4915	Considering the absence of Peterside and the conflicting reports on the agency’s audited accounts, the lawmaker ruled that “the committee has agreed to place NIMASA on full status inquiry which includes performance audit and project audit.
4916	Considering the detail that went into the Switch's motion controls, a boxing game other than the fantastical could appeal to a lot of players.
4917	Considering the factors mentioned above, I'm expecting SSB to report earnings of $5.68 per share in 2021.
4918	Considering the laundry list of grievances he’s aired against her, it’s not hard to understand why!
4919	Considering the sacrifices late Abiola and other heroes and heroines of democracy made into entrenching democracy in Nigeria, and what we have done with civil rule today, will you say we have been fair to them?
4920	Consider the best-faith interpretation of a teacher’s decision to stay home – and think about the word’s history before calling the governor a ‘Nazi.’
4921	Consider the case of James Bess, a 65-year-old nonviolent inmate in North Carolina who has diabetes and heart problems.
4922	“Consider Uganda, pearl of Africa, as an example of the British record.
4923	Consider what Phyllis has been doing to Abby Newman (Melissa Ordway); she’s been sabotaging her enemy to drive the competition away.
4924	CONSOL Coal Resources (NYSE:CCR) last posted its earnings results on Monday, August 10th.
4925	Constable Odo’s military experience includes his position as the Chief of Security on the space station and being conscripted into combat against the Dominion.
4926	Constance Fulmer smiles at the George Eliot Fellowship in England, where she gave a lecture on George Eliot’s “The Spanish Gypsy.”
4927	CONSTANTINOPLE – The Holy Synod of the Ecumenical Patriarchate in its recent meeting elected three auxiliary Bishops for the Archdiocese of Canada.
4928	Construction is expected to begin in January 2021 and be completed by March 2022.
4929	Construction on a new garage door bay has started at the center, and this spring, a new 60-by-36-foot expansion gravel pad that will accommodate a 40-foot container will be constructed to store the additional plastics.
4930	Consumers “may be feeling more of a need to have their own vehicle,” he said.
4931	Consumers who shop for health insurance in the individual market, can now view new rate information for PY21 on the Nevada Division of Insurance website at http://doi.
4932	Consuming, growing and selling marijuana is illegal in Lebanon, but in the marginalised east of the country its production blossomed during the 1975-1990 civil war.
4933	Contacted, the minister termed the allegations against him false and fabricated.
4934	Contact Michael Espinosa at mesp2021 ‘at’ stanford.
4935	CONTACT of Mercer County is a nonprofit program that offers a hotline for those in crisis in Mercer County at (609) 896-2120 and (609) 585-2255.
4936	Contamination by hexavalent chrominium, the subject of the case featured in the movie “Eric Brockovich”, was documented in multiple base memos from October 2019 to January 2020, McClatchy reported.
4937	Content marketing can seem like a hit-or-miss reactionary activity.
4938	"Continent" that is sealed off from the world.
4939	“Continued attention to these details and having individuals participate in that community commitment continues to be really important.”
4940	Continued Gregory: “In this regard, he is identified with the Anglican tradition of socially active clergy, such as Archbishop Desmond Tutu and the late Bishop Colin Winter.”
4941	Continued restrictions, resulting in a ban on or limiting of visits from loved ones, has caused further distress and also broke international law, says Amnesty, which is calling for an independent public inquiry.
4942	Continuing to struggle with breathing and mysterious, migrating arthritis pain, John fell down an entire flight of stairs in his condo building.
4943	Continuing with it is manslaughter,” he tweeted.
4944	Conti, whose computer screen is projected on his 50-inch television, has the grants open for when questions arise about budgets, timelines for article publications and deadlines for grant renewals.
4945	“Contrary to Congress’s clear intent, the Trump administration and many big banks failed to prioritize small businesses in underserved markets, including minority and women-owned businesses,” said the report.
4946	Contrary to some old adages, planting hot peppers when angry will not make the peppers hotter, but unknowingly taking a bite of a hot pepper may very well change your mood.
4947	Controversial Nollywood actor, Uche Maduagwu has taken to his Instagram page to advise DJ Cuppy to quit music so that God can give her a husband.
4948	Conventional wisdom tells us that when the going gets tough, the lenders will still get paid.
4949	Conversations are taking place with private businesses and others across Alabama that could pitch in critical resources and expertise.
4950	"Conversations continue with the DfT about our ongoing role."
4951	Conversely, the two countries are both committed to quickly negotiating a free trade deal in the wake of Britain leaving the European Union.
4952	CONWAY — A group of boys stopped by to check-in with their parents sitting in the stands of Conway High School -- or more likely to get another bite of Bojangles before returning to playing together around the stadium.
4953	Cook said the authority could look into purchasing three vehicles with the funding, but the board of aldermen recommended purchasing two and keeping the additional funding around for a possible third if a vehicle became available.
4954	Cook said the company is investigating technology that could help identify health risks at an early stage.
4955	Cook until thick.
4956	Cooler, drier air moved in behind Zeta and quickly calmed the Gulf.
4957	Cool Ways to Freeze Fat for Fat Tuesday!
4958	Cooper considers the new order the first step of a three-phase plan to reopen the state, which has reported more than 12,250 positive cases and more than 450 related deaths.
4959	Co-op leaders made the decision to open Saturday with that in mind, implementing strict sanitization regimens.
4960	Copies of Three Little Kiwi are available from PÅ«kaha while stocks last or at their webshop right here.
4961	Copperbelly watersnakeFuture article: Man with early onset Alzheimer's ends up ordering $10,000 worth of scallops bc Google keeps sending him ads for the food his dead wife loved.
4962	Cops say F.G. had managed to approach A.S. - a construction worker - and break wind in his face twice last week because he found it funny.
4963	Copyright 2020 WCVB, Hearst, Gloucester Police Department via CNN.
4964	Corbin took over early with a knee to the gut of Drew, but Drew hit right back with a chop to Corbin’s chest.
4965	Corbyn’s mandate was clearly rejected in the election on 12 December yet he still holds on.
4966	Corey Gray is an astrophysicist, and the lead operator at the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) at the California Institute of Technology in Washington State.
4967	Cornerstone Advisors LLC bought a new position in Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renassnc Fd during the second quarter worth $3,581,000.
4968	CORONATION Street's Katie McGlynn has been left "devastated" after a mystery illness has forced her to pull out of panto.
4969	Coronavirus at the airport: How can I avoid germs?
4970	Coronavirus cases are spiking in California, Abramson Babb said.
4971	Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses, some of which cause the common cold; others found in bats, camels and other animals have evolved into more severe illnesses.
4972	Coronavirus has infected over 138,000 people worldwide and left more than 5000 dead.
4973	“Coronavirus is no respecter of persons.
4974	Coronavirus testing is one of the biggest things stopping the U.S. from reopening.
4975	Coronavirus travel restrictions have forced another tour to be rescheduled.
4976	Coronil Patanjali Kit price, availability details: Yoga Guru Swami Ramdev today launched first of its kind “evidence-based” ayurvedic Coronavirus medicine to be sold as Coronil tablets.
4977	Corporate leaders may have discovered what complacency gets you: nothing.
4978	Corporation position only matters in your meeting when it affects achieving your objectives.
4979	Correa also said that teammate Altuve -- along with Josh Reddick and Tony Kemp -- was among the players who did not take part in the trash-can scheme.
4980	Correction October 2: Casa Antonia currently has two active cases out of a total of 35 cases reported at the home in total.
4981	Correspondingly, Pence was in the Oval Office just days ago, as was Chief of Staff Mark Meadows, and wide swaths of Washington’s upper echelon have been in contact with officials who have been possibly exposed to the virus in the past few days.
4982	Corruption is indeed widespread.
4983	Cort when he committed the offence had similar matters pending in court.
4984	Cory knew exactly what he wanted to cook.
4985	COSOL posted a $1.9 million profit in 2019 and is hoping to further grow its proprietary software across clients in defence, utilities and resources.
4986	Costa Rica has 1,860 active cases and 1,394 recoveries.
4987	Costigan said Vale will start to see those savings in short order.
4988	Cost of potato production has significantly gone up in West Bengal this season as more than half of the required seed-potato came from Punjab at a much higher price of Rs 10,000 per quintal.
4989	Cost to date ¥25 trillion.
4990	Cotton harvest was moving rapidly, but yields were below expectations.
4991	Cotton, seen as a possible 2024 presidential candidate, made the comments in an interview with the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette while attacking the New York Times 1619 Project's effort to make slavery a focal point of American history for US schools.
4992	Cotton shows his pettiness by putting the word in sarcasm quotes.
4993	Cougars are a protected species and may only be killed by a licensed peace officer or authorized permit holder.
4994	Cough or sneeze into your elbow rather than your hands.
4995	Could be ’cause of your area?
4996	Could Diwali reverse that trend?
4997	Could it have done more?
4998	Could it lead to better opportunities during the basketball season or the football season next spring?"
4999	Could losing be more devastating than people expect?
5000	Could this be a hint that they are footballer Teddy Sheringham — Teddy bear, geddit?
5001	Could this be a message from Travis Scott, who infamously filled Kylie’s pad with thousands of red roses for the big day last year?
5002	Could you briefly describe what your investigation into Judi's bombing has uncovered?
5003	Could you share your favourite dish from childhood?
5004	Could you start with a bird's-eye of where Austin is now?
5005	Council approved the construction of the Timnath Reservoir irrigation supply system.
5006	“Council has directed staff to present a factual history of Bruce’s Beach at the next meeting,” said Mayor Richard Montgomery.
5007	Council interim chief executive John Mundell said: “We regret having to take the drastic and unprecedented step of closing these popular and well used facilities.
5008	Council is expected to vote on the proposal in September.
5009	Councillor Gerry Flynn said that Dublin’s catchment area is 1.75 million, compared to Shannon’s being 400,000, while he said management shouldn’t be blamed.
5010	Councillors on Ottawa's finance committee, led by Mayor Jim Watson, unanimously supported adding 10 years to the city's partnership with Ottawa Sports and Entertainment Group (OSEG) at Lansdowne Park.
5011	Councillor Stephens noted that the municipality’s contract for policing runs to around half a million dollars annually.
5012	Councilman Ahmad Zahra said the city has done its due diligence and held several well-attended community outreach meetings throughout the year.
5013	“Council member Ellahie needs to explain his statements.
5014	Council members approved a resolution July 28 recommending — but not requiring — the use of face masks in the city to help stop the spread of COVID-19.
5015	Councils across the North East have joined forces to write to the region’s MPs amid an estimated £272m shortfall in government coronavirus financial support.
5016	Council's community and public services committee reviewed the proposal at a meeting Wednesday.
5017	Counsel conceded this was “potentially true” and pivoted back to Kavanaugh’s usual preoccupations—the Constitution and its framers.
5018	Countries backing the negotiations should press them to stop engaging in unlawful means and methods of warfare.
5019	Country icon Trace Adkins has sold 11 million albums over the last two decades with hits like “You’re Gonna Miss This” and “Every Light.
5020	Country Time is awarding $100 checks to children who can't hold lemonade stands this year due to.
5021	County officials also talked about other measures and resources to deal with COVID-19.
5022	County officials say the woman was a Garland resident in her 30s with "underlying high risk health conditions."
5023	“County shows play a huge role in advertising,” Ebersole said.
5024	Couple that with an amazing draft class, some savvy FA moves, and here you go.
5025	Courses are catalogued not only by type of instruction, but also by degree of difficulty, and by main ingredient or recipe type.
5026	Courtesy photo Greg Wood, Janet Smith, Karen Jenkins and Charles Jenkins are the new co-leaders of the 2020 Silent Samaritan Society.
5027	Courtney says they are busting out of the seams in the mobile home.
5028	Court records don’t list an attorney for Thornton who could comment on the allegations.
5029	Court records say prosecutors withdrew a felony robbery count against Monroe, who pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor theft charge under a negotiated plea agreement.
5030	Court records show one of the other children confirmed the details of the assault.
5031	Cover breast loosely with foil after 1 to 1 1/4 hours to prevent over-browning and drying.
5032	Cove were unchanged from the 3-1 win over East Fife, while Lyall Cameron, Alan Cook and Derek Lyle came in for Peterhead to replace Gary McKenzie, Simon Ferry and Isaac Layne.
5033	Covid-19 and associated border restrictions had highlighted how reliant the red-meat industry was on global markets.
5034	Covid-19 cases are increasing, no of tests are still low and not giving permission to bring back Bengali migrant labour’s from other states?
5035	COVID-19 concerns grow at schools, colleges https://t.
5036	COVID-19 effect: Is it safe to have poultry meat, chicken and fish?
5037	COVID-19 ensured a significant amount of unplanned work made its way into many projects globally — creating an increase in billable hours and out of control project budgets.
5038	Covid-19 had never previously infected humans, meaning human immune systems had not developed any sort of immunity to fight off the virus.
5039	“Covid-19 has caused severe financial damages to our factories.
5040	COVID-19 has forced musicians everywhere to confront or rediscover their reasons for choosing careers that require what’s now forbidden: close-together audiences gathered for a night of entertainment.
5041	COVID-19 has had a dramatic impact on inequality – in some cases reversing years of progress at the cost of the most vulnerable in society and Standard Chartered is committed to playing its part in helping communities rebuild.
5042	“Covid-19 has impacted everywhere, all over the world not only South Sudan,” he added.
5043	"COVID-19 has reset priorities and methods of operation for governments across the world.
5044	Covid-19 has so far caused 2,247 deaths and has infected more than 76,000 people across more than 25 countries.
5045	COVID-19 is blowing up again in New Jersey.
5046	COVID-19 is causing a massive restructuring of vital business sectors.
5047	COVID-19 is causing uncertainties in the global aquaculture and the aquafeed markets.
5048	COVID-19 is, in fact, similar to other respiratory pandemics.
5049	COVID-19 is the killer, but Trump is its accomplice.
5050	COVID-19, the infectious disease caused by a coronavirus first reported in China, has spread to more than 50 countries, largely by travellers.
5051	COVID-19 Update: SF mayor calls criticism of French Laundry dinner 'fair'
5052	“COVID isn’t an inherent risk of anything.
5053	Covid Symptom Tracker saw its estimated total number of cases jump by 27,441 in the four days following the announcement on May 18, to 279,188.
5054	COVID vaccine could be available early: US infectious…
5055	COVID virus particles have been detected in wastewater in the Brisbane bayside suburb of Wynnum, sparking more fears of undiscovered cases in the city.
5056	Coyote is great with Mallory's kids and helps her watch them from time to time.
5057	CPEC investments, however, have worried critics at home and outside Pakistan, who have expressed concerns and skepticism in the wake of the financial crunch facing the country.
5058	CPS parents and students have been anxiously awaiting word from Chicago Public School officials on whether schools would open for in-person instruction.
5059	CPS said it will provide more information on that alternative later in July.
5060	Crackle is one of the most well-known free movie apps, boasting a strong selection of in such genres as comedy, drama, action, and thriller.
5061	Crain says he feels the same, and is hugely thankful that they opted to book that Airbnb over the summer.
5062	Crammed in between were half-gallons of rocky road and mint-chip ice cream along with boxes of popsicles and fudgesicles.
5063	Crank this and wait for the moment 3 mins in when every member just goes for broke, delivering a powerful crescendo.
5064	Crappies are taking marabou jigs and tubes.
5065	Crayfish were being sold on special for about $35 each at Harbour Fish in Dunedin and Queenstown.
5066	Crazy numbers from everyone's favourite Scotsman.
5067	Created by Amy Poehler and Mike and Julie Scully, is an animated family comedy series that centers around an extraordinarily average 15-year-old boy.
5068	Created by the author analyzing different growth rates and WACC's from the DCF model.
5069	Created, written, and executive produced by Armisen, Heidecker, Reilly, and Emmy nominee Jonathan Krisel (), who also serves as series director, is produced by A24 and Abso Lutely Productions.
5070	Creating a culture of diversity and inclusiveness starts at the top.
5071	Creating “clickbait” has become a full-time pursuit for dedicated fake news experts.
5072	Creating videos featuring high-powered celebrities like Kylie Jenner, Kanye West and Travis Scott are career highlights.
5073	Creatives Connect: Using Art as Activism – A panel discussion that will explore the ways in which art can be used as activism.
5074	Credible elections call for strengthening the rule of law so that the rights of voters and candidates can be protected.
5075	Credit-card processor Stripe takes another 3%.
5076	Credit Union Signs Lease for Branch Space in North…
5077	Creighton has won 11 of its last 13 games and because it swept the season series against the Pirates will be the No. 1 seed in the Big East Tournament in New York next week.
5078	Crémant de Limoux 2018, Tête de Cuvée, Clos des Demoiselles, J. Laurens, France sparkling, $22.95, One of the most consistent, and consistently great, sparkling wines year after year.
5079	Crestwood and Dallas will play in the other semifinal game at 7 p.m. at Nanticoke Area.
5080	Crew members stuck onboard a quarantined ship for nearly a month have spoken about the devastating impact that living in isolation is having on their mental health.
5081	Crews arrived on the scene within minutes to find three vehicles involved in a rear-end style collision with two subjects trapped.
5082	Crews from the Vancouver Fire Department were dispatched at 10:44 p.m. to the Sunpointe Apartments, 900 S.E. Park Crest Ave., in the Cascade Highlands neighborhood north of Mountain View High School, according to dispatch records.
5083	Crews made good progress, however, especially around the long finger that moved southeast yesterday west of Highway 395 and threatened the areas around Bordertown and Cold Springs.
5084	Crews were on scene until about 7:30 p.m. Also assisting at the scene were Scott County Rural Fire, Oran Fire and NBC Fire.
5085	Crews work to remove the statue of Confederate Gen. Stonewall Jackson in Richmond, Va., on Wednesday, July 1, 2020.
5086	Cricket has seen its share of donations and contributions with BCCI, India’s biggest sports body, pledged to donate Rs 51 crores to the Prime Minister’s Citizen Assistance and Relief in Emergency Situations Fund (PM-CARES Fund).
5087	Crider told CNN that the algorithms replicated the biases found in the raw data used.
5088	"Crime noir is all about selling a sense of 'mood,'" Antos said.
5089	Criminal charges were brought against Savannah Marie Martin as the result of a search of Li’Von Bradford’s cell on Nov. 12, 2019, which turned up a THC cartridge, a cell phone and other contraband, allegedly provided to him by Martin.
5090	Criminal groups are exploiting the pandemic crisis with a surge of ransomware attacks on health care providers and medical facilities, according to cybersecurity experts.
5091	Criticism of any president is appropriate when warranted; that is one of the many great things about being an American -- the right to say what we want to.
5092	Critics are predisposed to enjoy movies about other movies, but in this case, they particularly appreciated Fincher's attention to detail in recreating the essence of the source material that so genuinely inspired him.
5093	Critics of alternative meat, however, say that companies are exploiting the healthy sound of "plant-based" while providing heavily engineered products.
5094	Critics of the proposed $1 billion mining project said the scientists’ concerns were withheld from the permit’s written public record.
5095	Critics say the court’s abrupt reversal – the 2016 ruling was more than a decade in the making – has caused chaos for inmates on death row and attorneys like Mr. McClain.
5096	Critics say using animated characters on food laden in sugar encourages children to pester parents into buying them.
5097	Critics suggest that SMEs may need further assistance or softer tax regimes to be able to survive in the post-COVID era.
5098	Cronin said the proposed NCAA rule allowing players a one-time transfer without sitting out a season could turn college basketball into a free-for-all that’s even more crazed than NBA free agency.
5099	Cronomed is expected to be a significant revenue source for Flora, initially in Colombia and then internationally.
5100	Cross and Bliss were unbearable and the IIconics didn’t help.
5101	Crosses costs between 2,000 and 5,000 lei ($520 to $1,300/£400 to £1,000) and it can take weeks to create one.
5102	Crows football boss Adam Kelly said Stengle would face club sanctions.
5103	CRPF Sub Inspector allegedly shot dead his senior before killing himself in Delhi.
5104	Cruise operators are expected to have the proper medical equipment, expertise and training to treat severely ill passengers who contract Covid-19 while on board until they can be safety transferred to onshore medical facilities.
5105	“Cruise ships, on the other hand, are large and quite difficult to control,” Maher continued.
5106	Cryo-STEM analysis revealed the regular arrangement of atoms in the crystals.
5107	“Crystals make people feel good and give them a psychological boost,” she says.
5108	C., said after the president's announcement, "As the Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I'm very committed to ensuring that the nominee gets a challenging, fair, and respectful hearing.
5109	CSat Investment Advisory L.P. now owns 573 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $71,000 after buying an additional 122 shares during the last quarter.
5110	CSB: Had a fairly new Captain in the 71TFS go off on me one day because I'd delivered him 'an empty bottle' - I hadn't; he'd just run the thing empty looking for something to shoot.
5111	CTA states in its letter that it has concerns about AB 10 but applauds the bill’s language that allows schools in the most restrictive purple tier to avoid being forced to reopen until case rates are lower.
5112	CThank you for supporting local journalism.
5113	Cubs pitcher Jon Lester to doubters: ‘I’ve proven a lot of people wrong throughout my career’
5114	Cummins Inc. has a one year low of $101.03 and a one year high of $244.67.
5115	Cupid can’t wait to make lots of new friends and share his journey with you!
5116	Curbside voting is also available for those unable to easily exit their vehicles.
5117	Curious if you'd have other delineations as well.
5118	Curiously, laundry dryer sheets reportedly keep critters away.
5119	Curious question…wasn’t it SLP who divert the agricultural sector onto tourism?
5120	Curlyyred Music At Apple- https://music.
5121	“Current and future generations of Lebanese must not be saddled with more debts than they can ever repay,” IMF head Kristalina Georgieva said during the conference.
5122	Current figures should not be relied upon as illustrating the scale of Covid-19 in Dumfries and Galloway.
5123	Current legislation is adequate to effectively regulate AI-based activities.
5124	Currently, 19th Avenue North from Dakota Drive North to 18th Street North and 52nd Avenue South between 45th Street and Veterans Boulevard have closed.
5125	Currently 32 people are in hospital – including six patients in intensive care – and 343 people have recovered.
5126	Currently, as a precaution, more than 4,000 hospital beds have been emptied and hundreds of staff redeployed to stand ready for the potential COVID-19 need.
5127	Currently, five ST Engineering STrobo Tug robots have been deployed to the Changi Exhibition Centre isolation facility and there are plans to progressively increase this to 12 robots.
5128	Currently it projects 1,039 deaths.
5129	Currently, market prices are around Rs 5,000-5,100 per quintal on steady arrivals.
5130	Currently, no vaccine or specific treatment is available for many of these viruses and some of the available vaccines and treatments are not highly effective."
5131	Currently, over 2000 Newly Qualified Trained Teachers who have have passed their licensure exams and undergone the one year mandatory national service are still home without employment.
5132	Currently, Pfizer has enough vaccines for only 15 to 20 million people.
5133	Currently, researchers use optical spectroscopy techniques—essentially measuring what wavelengths of light are absorbed, reflected or emitted by the material—to uncover information about the energy states of excitons.
5134	Currently, Rwanda has 54 confirmed cases of COVID-19.
5135	Currently, samples collected from suspected patients are tested at nine government labs.
5136	Currently, State Bank of India (SBI) holds 5.19 per cent stake in the exchange.
5137	Currently- the Central, Southeast and Southwest sections of the Door County Trails system remain closed.
5138	Currently, the GoFundMe campaign has raised over $3.5 million from nearly 1,300 donors, with the aim being to collect $10 million.
5139	Currently, the US has 1,770,165 confirmed cases and 103,776 deaths, both tallies account for the highest in the world, according to the CSSE.
5140	"Currently we are advising clients from Monday through Sunday by phone, social media as well as email," she said, adding that the center is supporting both addicts and their next-of-kin alike.
5141	Current methods to concentrate particles do exist, but they involve lab-based technology such as centrifuges and cannot be used to trap particles inside the body.
5142	Current rules state that carriers must use at least 80 per cent of their allocated slots or risk losing them to rival airlines.
5143	Curtatone argued that body cameras are a win-win for the public and the police.
5144	Curtis said he drew his service weapon and shot Jackson multiple times.
5145	Curtis Scott is alleged to have punched a police officer at the end of a long Australia Day weekend blowout, with his fate now in the hands of the NRL chief.
5146	Curve issued a statement on Sunday night saying its customers would be able to make payments again from Monday.
5147	Curzon’s eclectic season of recent Canadian cinema ranges from Atom Egoyan’s latest to one of the finest films of 2020…
5148	Customers are looking for homegrown food that filters through few people, because as Fahrmeier reminds us, “people don’t realize how many people walk in front of that zucchini before you get it.”
5149	Customers can be rest assured that their next trip is partly covered.
5150	Customers can make payments using their digibank account through a seamless and secure one-click payment process, thereby eliminating the need to enter or save card details and wait for an OTP, the statement said.
5151	Customer service agents are seen at e-commerce player Jumia in Lagos, Nigeria.
5152	Customers of Clydesdale and Yorkshire banks have become the latest customers to fall victim to an IT failure after wages and other payments failed to arrive in their accounts on Friday.
5153	Customers only need a valid Emirates ID and a working UAE mobile number to register foreWallet account.
5154	Cut flowers are the flower buds (often with some stem and leaf) that have been cut from the plant.
5155	Cuts in domestic production are behind the price rebound from the levels below US$20 per barrel seen in April and May of the current year.
5156	Cutting jobs to save costs vis-a-vis cutting costs to save jobs.
5157	CU will host Utah to open up Folsom Field in 2020.
5158	CV’s led reached 28-0 before halftime as Alexander scored on three consecutive second-quarter drives.
5159	CWM LLC purchased a new position in shares of National Fuel Gas in the second quarter worth $42,000.
5160	Cybersecurity Startups Seek New Ways in a Perimeter-Less, Zero-Trust World - New companies are taking fresh, innovative approaches to enterprise network security, but the security startup space has slowed down this year.
5161	CYNTHIANA, Ky. (WTVQ) – Kathryn Critzer says it’s been six weeks since her fiancé, Cory McFarland, was laid off from his job with Penske, a distribution company for Toyota.
5162	Dabo Swinney said his team had no idea what to expect from a team they had no real film on.
5163	Daily, doctors and nurses updated Ms. Bello, 48, who took a leave from her part-time marketing job to help their children — Hadley, 13, and twins Riley and Taylor, 11 — cope with their father’s illness.
5164	Dairy Queen locations in Wuhan have been closed since January 22, according to Dairy Queen’s official Weibo page.
5165	Daisy has a wonderful personality.
5166	Dakhla’s local business operators, including hotels, are offering special packages and offers in an attempt to attract customers and make up for months of lost tourist revenue.
5167	Dak needs to be realistic, heâ€™s not done anything near what Wilson has done.
5168	Dakota Fanning plays Viena, a young woman who attaches herself as a roadie to a band called The Fantomes, in an indeterminate era sometime between punk and grunge.
5169	Dakota Fanning says late co-star Brittany Murphy was ‘a ray of light’
5170	Dalawer Singh Bagha said: "The money from our gurdwara was raised by myself and members of our management team.
5171	Dale Brittliffe, P.Geo., Vice President of Exploration is the ‘Qualified Person’ under National Instrument 43-101 and has approved the scientific and technical information contained in this news release.
5172	“Dallas is a fundamentally sound team and a rivalry game as such, helps you halfway through the year, especially looking down the road.”
5173	Dallas would be smart to invest all that cap money somewhere else and get a solid game manager QB for a lot less money.
5174	DAMASCUS, Syria - Israel struck multiple targets near the Syrian capital late Sunday, killing two members of a Palestinian militant faction and triggering anti-aircraft fire from the country’s air defences that shook Damascus.
5175	“Damn… Iâ€™m Late,” he wrote in the caption.
5176	Dancing With the Stars airs Mondays at 8/7c on ABC.
5177	Daniel has all these attributes in abundance which is why he is such a good leader.’
5178	Danielle Mulkern, office manager of the family-owned business, said the employee who tested positive does not work directly with customers and the business is not concerned customers were exposed to the virus.
5179	Dannheim added that Athletic Director Tanya Vogel provided a mindfulness seminar through Webex, a videoconferencing platform.
5180	Danny Frost, a spokesman for Mr. Vance, said in a statement that two top prosecutors had been assigned to the inquiry and that they were “in touch with a number of survivors.”
5181	Danny Green is averaging 5.2 points over the last 10 games for Los Angeles.
5182	Danny Pearce died after being repeatedly stabbed in Greenwich on 15 July 2017.
5183	Danson kept audiences charmed for almost 10 years as Sam Malone in one of the classic sitcoms to come out of the 80s.
5184	Dantas and Carleton were 9 for 9 from the field in the opening 20 minutes, while the other three starters were a combined 5 for 18.
5185	Dany, though she comes very close to ascending to the Iron Throne, is ultimately brought down both by her own hubris and Jon Snow’s nobility.
5186	Danzeisen said she felt it was important to brief her high school-age daughters about global incidents so they could handle any intimidation.
5187	Daphne Ndlovu and Patrick Ncube from Kwa Vulindlebe School for the Deaf gift Dr Gcina Mhlophe an early birthday cake.
5188	Dark can be hard to follow and 100% expects its audience to remember intricate details of a sprawling family tree that plays out across multiple different timelines.
5189	“Dark humour is a very Icelandic response to difficult issues,” Viktor tells us.
5190	Darragh said the fire was well-contained and no other buildings were in danger.
5191	Darren (Bryce Johnson) is the creepiest detective in Rosewood, which is saying a lot since none of the cops like the liars or think that they're innocent.
5192	Darren said the monarch has a royal menu book that is completed by the chef three days in advance so they have time to prep.
5193	Darrius Sutton, 23, better known as “Blizz Meecho,” decided to make the most of his new-found freedom.
5194	Darrouzett FFA is selling Blue & Gold Sausage through Wed (2/5).
5195	Das further said the Indian banking sector is slowly turning around on the back of improvements in asset quality, following enhanced resolutions through the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC).
5196	Data collected by a French oceanographic campaign recently confirmed the presence of the new ocean floor volcano.
5197	Data from stock exchanges reveal that presently, only around 50 per cent of the top 500 listed entities are in compliance with the regulatory provision.
5198	Data from the Department of Education (DepEd) showed that as of July 17, there are only 1,169,976 students enrolled in private schools across 17 regions.
5199	Data from the UK Office for National Statistics suggests that black people are more than four times as likely to die from coronavirus as white people, even considering factors such as deprivation or existing health conditions.
5200	Data gathered from various sources suggest that 8K visuals will be available out-of-the-box.
5201	Dataminers find an unreleased weapon in Apex Legends and many think it could appear in Season 6 of the game which launches today.
5202	DAVAO CITY (MindaNews /02 August) — Davao City’s COVID-19 cases doubled from 435 on July 1 to 873 on July 31, on the first month the city was placed under Modified General Community Quarantine (MGCQ).
5203	Dave Adams, one of those volunteers who has worked tirelessly for the homeless and the re-opening, said that fortunately there are only about five people now living on the streets of Madison.
5204	Dave also paid homage to Jack Merritt, a young prisoner-rehabilitation worker who was killed in a knife attack last year by a radicalized ex-inmate he had been helping.
5205	Dave Heisinger, owner of Dr. Lucky’s Bar and Grill in downtown Mitchell, opposes the mask mandate largely due to the stress it will put on his employees and the business.
5206	Dave says he enjoyed so many positive things from the experience, including the many people who told him what he was doing and following him online each day was really good for their mental health.
5207	Dave Senjem, R-Rochester, and Paul Anderson, R-Plymouth, last week announced that they'd tested positive for the illness.
5208	Dave tells me when he was a kid, if he had a pocket full of cash he would’ve been going for some hockey cards.
5209	“Dave was a highly valued and experienced member of the Johnson Matthey family.
5210	David Andahl was 55 when he died on Oct. 5, after winning a heated primary with an incumbent committee chairman.
5211	David Cuevas (Bobby Soto) is a family man, first and foremost, but he’s also a “tax collector” for his gang.
5212	David F. Sandberg considered a fellow Hollywood creative with an “F” initial in their name for the role of the Wizard.
5213	David had advice for Sorkin following his departure.
5214	David I respectfully disagree with you.
5215	David is one of the millions of people whose genetic disease scientists are already trying to cure using CRISPR CAS-9 gene editing.
5216	David Oyedepo on Sunday questioned the rationale behind the inclusion of religious centres and charity organisations into the Company and Allied Matters Acts (CAMA).
5217	Davies quarterback Reid Hartness handed the ball off to the senior running back.
5218	Davis and Rondo each added 19 points.
5219	Davis’ cause of death is not yet known.
5220	Davis Selected Advisers bought a new position in Carrier Global in the second quarter worth about $679,387,000.
5221	Da’Vonne says the only way Enzo can win is that he has to clip Cody.
5222	Dayne Brady Stone, 28, was reported missing about 8:45 p.m. Wednesday after he failed to return home.
5223	Days before, Ms. Davenport received word of threats made against her safety and the safety of her children by the aforementioned Sgt. Jeremy Pelzer.
5224	Days later, he seemingly had a meltdown over a series of now-deleted Tweets.
5225	Days of Our Lives Spoilers: Allie’s Baby Daddy Shows Up – Halts Adoption, Fights For Baby?
5226	Days of our Lives spoilers for next week: Salem ladies fall ill,.
5227	DCW chief Swati Maliwal said Tuesday the guilty should not be spared.
5228	DDF will begin accepting loan applications on July 6. Businesses interested in applying for a loan should visit https://www.
5229	Deadlines loom as the $600 weekly federal benefits now received by tens of millions of unemployed workers are set to expire July 31.
5230	Dealers might be looking at a situation where they have more customers but not more cars, this could tip the supply and demand advantage back in favor of the dealerships.
5231	Dealing from what they thought was a position of strength, the Austrians spurned Bonaparte’s proffered olive branch.
5232	Deal No. 3: The newish which Apple debuted in the fall, are also now on sale.
5233	Deane Retirement Strategies Inc. raised its position in shares of Amazon.com by 142.9% in the first quarter.
5234	Dean Henderson wants to be the No1 and has proved with his form this season for Sheffield United that he can be.
5235	Deans of LAS, CCOM and COPHS are working to create more diversity in their colleges.
5236	"Dear Larry Kramer, It was the greatest honor getting to work with you and spend time learning about organizing and activism," he posted.
5237	“Dear priests, we rely on your wise discernment,” the Rome vicar wrote.
5238	Deates says Central Point businesses have already donated time and effort to the fields, but he’s hoping the community steps up, even more, to get the Central Point Little League back to its former glory.
5239	Death, taxes and Paul Krugman is always on the wrong side of an issue,” Nick Arama wrote for RedState on Feb. 28.
5240	Death taxes are no longer a regular topic of conversation.
5241	Debbie Chism, a lawyer who represented the wife and fought to overturn the verdict, said the judge in the initial ruling had not taken into account the wife’s domestic contribution to the marriage and had based his decision on the husband’s earnings.
5242	Debbie Nelson, Grand Forks County’s auditor, told Forum News Service she had been assured that nothing had changed in a way that would harm how the postal service handles ballots or applications for ballots.
5243	De Blasio said he spoke with Trump and Vice President Mike Pence Sunday evening but declined to share the details of their conversation, he told CNN’s Don Lemon.
5244	De Blasio said Thursday that he has spoken with the governor’s office about the reopening plan and that “there’s been a high degree of unity.”
5245	Deborah grew up in Brooklyn, but quickly understood that she didn’t fit in with those around her.
5246	Deck hands lashed together ’s two yellow inflatable rafts and put them over the side.
5247	Declines in energy prices, as well as rents, helped keep overall inflation levels in check.
5248	Declining COVID cases in Crook County means students in grades K-3 have the go-ahead to start the school year in-person in what could be a welcome next step toward a return to normal many in the area have been craving.
5249	DEC officials do not expect any abnormal results.
5250	“Decolonisation is a process that has to be guided by the aspirations and needs of the communities living in the territories.
5251	Decred (DCR) traded 4% lower against the dollar and now trades at $14.94 or 0.00160425 BTC.
5252	Deebo was a neighbourhood bully who terrorised and intimidated residents.
5253	Defending his comments, the host then added: "It is extremely unfortunate that he's still in office and sanctioning treatments that could kill people."
5254	Defending the makers, Ashutosh Kaushik said that since it’s their property, no one has the right to question them.
5255	Defense attorney Donna Rotunno questioned why Sciorra made the 1997 Weinstein-produced film "Cop Land" if he had raped her a few years earlier.
5256	Defensively, it’s getting better at reading our reads and staying defensively sound.
5257	Defensively, the Roadrunners held the Griffins to just 22 points, which is a difference maker if you factor in that their opponents are averaging 29.3 points in the first half against them.
5258	Defer this payment until 2025 and assess the situation then: If the city’s economy has bounced back, fine.
5259	Definitely, it was not the most secure toy on earth.
5260	"Definitely, the completion of this new oil jetty will mean efficiency-gains as bigger vessels with larger volumes will enjoy quick turnaround," Captain Afadzi added.
5261	Defunding police is a knee-jerk reaction that is not well thought out.
5262	DeGeneres, 62, visited the Sussexes in London and even got to hold baby Archie.
5263	Degree in journalism, and professional experience in the press in Mexico and Switzerland.
5264	De Havilland, whose doe eyes and winsome smile belied a spine of steel, refused to yield.
5265	De horse does drop clumps.
5266	DeKalb County Judge Clarence Seeliger agreed, and ordered the 30-ft (9-m) obelisk in Decatur Square to be removed by midnight June 26 and placed in storage indefinitely.
5267	De Kock looks to the skies after being caught by Crawley.
5268	DeLa Cruz is seeking more than $1 million in damages.
5269	De La Hoya on the golf course, and wearing TravisMathew apparel.
5270	Delampady panchayat president Mustafa said the stock of supplies was depleting and the panchayat could hang on for only two more days.
5271	Delaware’s governor John Carney shut down it’s beach bars after more than 100 new positive COVID-19 cases were linked to teens visiting for senior week.
5272	Delays could result from people getting tested for the virus at assessment centres outside their home health units or lab slips filled out with incomplete information, Williams said, meaning that cases may not be getting entered into iPHIS quickly.
5273	Del Guidice: Well, thanks for making time to come on.
5274	Delhi 2020 election: Arvind Kejriwal says people will vote for development; “Time’s up,” counters BJP.
5275	Delhi also has clear skies at present, which is causing higher radiation and faster cooling at night time.”
5276	Delhi Chief Minister today said that most of the people in the state are now getting cured at home.
5277	Delhi Police spokesperson Anil Mittal, in an official statement, said, “It is worth mentioning that the disclosure statement has been truthfully recorded as narrated by the accused person.
5278	Delivered in under 7 days.
5279	Delivery and takeout are all they’re focused on.
5280	Delivery and take out services will continue.
5281	Demand for palm oil has been surging on changing consumer lifestyle preferences.
5282	Demand for tech and IT services in India has been growing and with it, our partner and client footprint.
5283	De minimis is a Latin term used in law to indicate a trivial amount.
5284	Democracy in Egypt was only a veneer.
5285	“Democracy is not candidates going to the homes of billionaires raising money," he charged in a thinly veiled attack against competitors like Joe Biden and Pete Buttigieg, who have aggressively courted wealthy donors over the past year.
5286	Democracy is not run like that.
5287	Democratic members of Congress are urging President Donald Trump to authorize FEMA to reimburse funeral expenses for victims of the coronavirus pandemic, citing ProPublica’s reporting about the administration’s policies.
5288	Democratic Presidential hopeful, Senator Elizabeth Warren, put it more squarely: 'You are threatening to commit war crimes.'
5289	Democrats appearing on Fox are told on social media to “go back to MSNBC where they belong,” while some Republicans on MSNBC receive similar comments that their perspectives aren’t welcome there.
5290	Democrats are also concerned about vacancies on the White House National Security Council, including the global health security position that was eliminated in 2018 under John R. Bolton, then the national security adviser.
5291	“Democrats credo is ‘Rule or ruin”.
5292	Democrats currently hold a 29-20 majority in the Senate, and a 58-40 advantage in the House, so again, the only question is how big the Democratic majorities will be.
5293	Democrats did have some bright spots on Tuesday night, with House Transportation Committee Chairman Peter DeFazio beating back a well-funded GOP challenger in his purple seat in southwestern Oregon.
5294	Democrats in control of the Minnesota House want to spend a big chunk of the state’s $1.3 billion budget surplus to help families afford preschool and child care.
5295	Democrats previously suggested the dismissal might have been tied to Linick’s investigation of allegations that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo may have improperly ordered staff to run personal errands for him.
5296	Democrats should go watch a high school basketball game.
5297	Democrats would need to win both Georgia runoff races in order to get control of the Senate, with Vice President-elect Kamala Harris breaking a 50/50 tie.
5298	Demonizing students with different political views as “the dumbest in the school” was beyond the pale, and reveals both his lack of respect for political diversity and his obsession with driving partisan wedges among Canadians.
5299	Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba is one of the most popular series of the last couple of years as Koyoharu Gotoge's action manga exploded with an incredible speed following the release of the anime's 19th episode.
5300	Demonstrators want masks to be optional.
5301	Denied his mother’s embrace and the absence of any home warmth, while at prep school, Ashdown House in East Sussex, there was a vast emotional hole.
5302	Denise officially took full custody of Danny when he was 12.
5303	Denmark’s climate minister is fairly certain that the deal to close down the nation’s oil industry by 2050, announced on Friday morning, marks the biggest moment in his career.
5304	Dennis Awori has said the intended offer has taken off to a good start with shareholder and regulatory submissions on course.
5305	Density does not increase the quality of the community.
5306	Dental implants offer the same amount of stability and functionality as natural teeth.
5307	Denzel Washington is also involved with Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, albeit not onscreen.
5308	Deonna talked about Kylie being nice in the locker room isn’t going to help.
5309	Department of Health's latest death count for all settings stands at 42,461.
5310	Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kenneth Cuccinelli, who oversees the border agency, called “Made in China” a “warning label.”
5311	DepEd, however, reminded the conditional QVAs that “any incomplete submission will mean displacement from SHSVP.”
5312	Depending on the dating, short-dated discounts can range from 20-60% off what you’d typically pay.
5313	Depending on the needs in town, the inspector could fine businesses and laypeople who violate COVID-19 guidelines.
5314	“Depending on the size of the election, it expands and contracts.
5315	“Depend on it,” Ney assured Napoleon.
5316	Depew and Alden recorded 24 inches, the most from this lake effect storm.
5317	Depp has brought separate libel proceedings against Heard in the US, which the court has previously heard are “ongoing”.
5318	Deputies say the BMW caught fire after crashing with the Chevy truck.
5319	Deputies say the driver, Patrick A. Garbutt, 31, had a BAC of 0.11%.
5320	Deputies spoke to family members of Larson who advised they were all traveling together in several vehicles with Larson being the rear vehicle.
5321	Deputies took over life-saving measures until paramedics arrived.
5322	Deputy chief medical officer Nick Coatsworth has revealed he suffers from "impostor syndrome" and explained where he gets his oft-talked about hair.
5323	Deputy Commissioner of Police (Southeast) RP Meena said, “Amit Arora, who has a transport business, was on his way from a party with his wife and their two friends when he stopped to relieve himself near IP Park in Sarai Kale Khan around 1.15-1.20 am.
5324	Deputy President William Ruto during a press briefing on Tuesdays morning said Moi taught and mentored many into leadership, himself included.
5325	Derick Dillard doesn’t rule out a Counting On return with Jill Duggar ‘someday’
5326	Dero has a total market capitalization of $7.89 million and approximately $1.10 million worth of Dero was traded on exchanges in the last day.
5327	Derrick Brown from Auburn and Javon Kinlaw from South Carolina are names to watch as well.
5328	Derrick Jones Jr. dazzled fans in Chicago during the NBA Slam Dunk Contest 2020 edition.
5329	Described as a "non-scalable barrier", a big beautiful wall was erected yesterday around the White House.
5330	Describing her brother as a loving and caring young man who had his whole life ahead of him, Quirat said his four-month-old daughter never got to experience how much of an amazing dad he would have been.
5331	Describing Jammu and Kashmir as the crown jewel of India, Modi, while replying to a debate on Motion of Thanks to the President’s Address in Lok Sabha on February 6, said that on the dark night of January 19, 1990, Kashmir’s identity had been buried.
5332	Designed by world-renowned architect Paul McClean, every element in the home reflects his genius and thoughtful design with clean lines and light throughout.
5333	Designed with the same round silhouette of the Tom Ford 002 timepiece, the Swiss-made timepiece features a 40-mm case made from 100 percent ocean plastic, with a black DLC stainless steel screw caseback.
5334	Designer Creates Special Glasses That Help Short…
5335	DES MOINES, Iowa — A technical meltdown in Iowa Monday night set off bedlam in the critical first contest for the Democratic presidential nomination, triggering competing claims of victory and stoking doubts about the legitimacy of the eventual outcome.
5336	Despite a 26-year young democracy that remains hampered by the ghosts of our marginalised past, South Africa has leapt at the opportunities presented by the SDGs.
5337	Despite a brutal 0 of 7 showing against the Lakers, Bazley averaged 13 points, 6.3 rebounds, and 1.5 assists in 27.5 minutes a night.
5338	Despite all the challenges, LUV has been one of the best performing large-cap airline stocks over the past year, only Delta Air Lines () during the period.
5339	Despite an injury that cost him the last regular season meet and Southwestern championship, he was able to run at the state championship, albeit not at 100 percent, but he still won two events to help the team to the title.
5340	Despite Baker Mayfield’s bounce-back performance against the Cincinnati Bengals in Week 2 on Thursday Night Football, he still has a lot to prove.
5341	Despite being a story driven by investigative journalism, there is a surprising amount of action.
5342	Despite considerable outreach and communication during the 2010 census, several neighborhoods in Sleepy Hollow and Tarrytown were among the most undercounted in New York State.
5343	Despite constant changes within the sport, there are still certain elements that remain the same for wrestlers to be successful.
5344	Despite COVID-19 interrupting many traditional events this year, the Kenai Chamber of Commerce is still hosting the 2020 Kenai River Marathon Run Series on September 27. Registration is ongoing and at the Kenai Visitor Center.
5345	Despite drizzly weather, Sophie dressed for the British summer pairing chunky brown leather wedges with a light pink box-pleated midi-skirt.
5346	Despite efforts to remove cat buttholes from the doomed Cats movie adaptation, one viewer has managed to locate a butthole that was missed.
5347	Despite failing to defeat Ross County in their previous two meetings this season, Hibernian eased past last night’s visitors to secure a much needed 3-0 win.
5348	Despite growing human rights abuses, the international community counts on Egypt as a bulwark against regional instability, said a Middle East-focused rights advocate at the UN, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss policy matters.
5349	Despite Harry’s not inconsiderable height, Ludo was two inches taller than him, his thickset frame and mop of blond curls lending him a commanding presence.
5350	Despite having a majority in both legislative houses, Massachusetts Democrats were divided on the vote, unable to achieve a veto-proof majority Tuesday.
5351	Despite having reported on conflict zones including Libya, Syria, Yemen and Sudan, she was 'disturbed' by what emerged.
5352	Despite having the proper paperwork, the samples of hemp in labeled bags were seized and the driver was threatened with arrest, according to lab CEO Swider.
5353	Despite her signature weapon being the Blazefire Saber, her best weapon is generally considered to be the Lionheart.
5354	Despite his grief, Nazir Afzal says this is not the answer.
5355	Despite his master being a peaceful man, Kenshin left to fight in the war and became a famous assassin.
5356	Despite his youth, the boy seemed to grasp the magnitude of the situation.
5357	Despite its faults, I highly recommend Planet of the Humans.
5358	Despite its use in age-old medical practices in other parts of the world, turmeric is not considered an actual drug.
5359	Despite limited data, NKDB began its survey on religious persecution in 2007.
5360	Despite low ratings, renewed for an eighth year for the 2020-21 season.
5361	Despite my strategizing, I always seem to put myself in last place.
5362	Despite recently having to announce the lay off of 1,000 employees, it would now appear that Magic Leap has somehow pulled a $350 million miracle out of its ass.
5363	Despite relentless political pressure coming from the president and his supporters within the party, 38 judges appointed by Republicans ruled against the Trump campaign or allied groups, the reports.
5364	Despite restraints around the coronavirus pandemic, the council was able to amass information from 230 volunteer experts and interested stakeholders who formed six working groups and a scientific subcommittee.
5365	Despite significant pressure from then-Senator John McCain (R-AZ), the Air Force to make public or agree upon a contract price for the program.
5366	Despite some “ups and downs” the family shared online that Lucy made significant strides, including being able to hold her head up briefly for the very first time.
5367	“Despite strong evidence that (Rodney McNeal) is innocent, the San Bernardino Superior Court judge declined to reverse (McNeal’s) conviction,” the Innocence Project wrote on its website about the case.
5368	Despite strong support in Congress, the legislation faces criticism from tech companies, which say its requirements are too broad and incompatible with their encryption services.
5369	Despite taking this new step, UPS said a majority of its deliveries are still “driver release.”
5370	Despite the challenges the pandemic has brought to her life, Kate says that it has also taught her important life lessons.
5371	Despite the crowded cast, audiences loved the movie nearly as much as critics who gave it a 90%.
5372	Despite the difficulties the pandemic is posing, band members are still committed to doing as much as they can.
5373	Despite the fact that it only has 6 built-in stitches, other functions make this maker beneficial so you can simply start sewing immediately.
5374	“Despite the key role child care providers are playing in support of other essential businesses during the COVID crisis, the child care system as a whole is at risk of collapse,” association President Angela Garcia says.
5375	Despite the lack of fresh news, its share price rose 60 percent last week to reach C$0.
5376	Despite the legal payoff of politicians like Villaraigosa, it has not been able to do so.
5377	Despite the lost spring and summer, organic wine continues to flow at MonteRosola.
5378	Despite the low turnout from students outside of both of whom have completed the final seasons of their college careers — rarely felt unsupported at their respective soccer or field hockey games.
5379	“Despite the millions of people practicing social distancing globally, wanderlust-driven consumers continue shopping for pieces designed for beach days and balmy vacation nights.”
5380	Despite the negative perception of the GOP, members of the 43 Alumni for Biden say that they will remain Republicans and are proud of the principles and leadership they feel the party has had in the past.
5381	Despite the packages, scores of redundancies have been announced from household names including over the past week.
5382	Despite the pandemic, however, the two organisations have successfully completed several programmes including sharing out 2500 food hampers, donating face masks and cleaning items across the county.
5383	Despite the pounding every night, the rationing, the loss of life, they pulled together in one gigantic national effort.
5384	Despite the reduction in the alert level for Covid-19 in the UK, the Chief Medical Officers have warned that this does not mean the pandemic is over ‘and localised outbreaks are likely to occur’.
5385	Despite the restrictions, she said many people may not have realised the disguised blessings in the break in routine.
5386	Despite the seasonal Quest arc and the rumours, we don't have the new Olympus map.
5387	Despite these friendships’ intense devotion, there’s no clear category for them.
5388	Despite this, he contributed in a big way in 2019.
5389	Despite Trump’s claims that everything he does is unique, we’ve seen this before.
5390	Despite weather alerts for an approaching storm, pro-Beijing protesters gathered in front of the US consulate in Hong Kong on Saturday calling for an end to what they see as Washington’s political meddling in the territory.
5391	Desus and Mero are coming out with a book called God-Level Knowledge Darts: Life Lessons from the Bronx, which will be available to order in September.
5392	“Detailed investigations revealed that the patient had suffered from Anterior Cruciate Ligament (ACL) tear in her right knee and required immediate surgery.
5393	Details for the “Door 2 Door Tour 2020” are pending.
5394	Details of the draft deal, which centres on Indigenous rights and land titles, were not disclosed, however, and work on the Coastal GasLink natural gas pipeline at the heart of the dispute was set to resume Monday.
5395	Details of the financial instruments and hedging activities of the Group are set out in Note 22 of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
5396	Detective Inspector Mark Thompson has appealed for information.
5397	Detective Ryan Prock: That they consumed alcohol.
5398	Detectives say they found Guerra suffering from a gunshot wound in the area of White and Poplar Avenues around 2:30 am.
5399	Detectives were investigating the man’s death as a homicide.
5400	Detmer was awarded college football’s highest individual honor on Dec. 1, 1990.
5401	Detroit police accommodated protesters in several ways – officers passed out masks before the march and “allowed us in the street and let us take downtown Detroit”, Williams said.
5402	Deutsche Bank cut their target price on Host Hotels and Resorts from $15.00 to $14.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, August 3rd.
5403	Deutsche Bank initiated coverage on NetApp in a report on Thursday, June 18th.
5404	Deutsche Bank upped their target price on shares of Wyndham Destinations from $34.00 to $38.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 21st.
5405	Devan Nambiar is the program manager of Rainbow Health Ontario at Sherbourne Health which works to help health-care systems better serve the LGBTQ community.
5406	Devastated parents of Nora Quoirin, 15, who was found dead.
5407	Developmentally, you know your baby best.
5408	Devialet worked on the acoustic architecture bringing its patented SAM® (Speaker Active Matching), technology that perfectly renders the original intent of the content creator with high-fidelity sound reproduction, and 'Push-Push' Woofers architecture.
5409	Devices wanting to be Thunderbolt 4 certified will also need to support PC charging on at least one port, as well as the ability to wake the computer from sleep by touching a keyboard or mouse plugged into a Thunderbolt dock.
5410	Devin McCourty was asked if he still feels like the Patriots are the beast in the east.
5411	DeVito said: “I’m just not sure you can live in a danger-free world.
5412	Devotees offer prayers and take a holy dip in water on Guru Govind Singh's birth anniversary.
5413	DeWanna Bonner and January proved to be a great fit and Brionna Jones stepped up in Jonquel Jones’ absence.
5414	Dexter Lumis will face Cameron Grimes in a Haunted House of Terror match.
5415	Dez even quit her job to take care of her husband, wholeheartedly.
5416	Dharm Pal ji was very inspiring personality.
5417	"DHS failed to follow the order of succession as it was lawfully designated," U.S. District Judge Nicholas Garaufis wrote.
5418	Dialectical thought and analysis can help, of course, yet only with an openness, flexibility, and honesty about “actual forms of alienation.”
5419	Diane was born on May 5, 1950 to Merle and Helen Clark in Oelwein, Iowa.
5420	Dianne has faith Joanna can help.
5421	Dianne never forgot a birthday, loved decorating and celebrating holidays, and looked forward to family gatherings, where things were always lively in “her corner”.
5422	Dianne’s greatest joys in life were her grandchildren, her dogs, football, lobster, and ALL animals, not necessarily in that order.
5423	Diarrhea in puppies is very common, with often more than one agent contributing to the problem.
5424	Diary of an Apprentice Astronaut by Samantha Cristoforetti is published by Allen Lane.
5425	Dick Anderson’s long list of supporting Coastal citizens is varied.
5426	Dickinson is right in one respect: Russia (and China) have, for more than a decade, made it clear that space is a war-fighting domain.
5427	DICKSON, TN, June 13, 2020 -- In today's climate, people are becoming more aware of immune health and looking for ways to help keep their immune system strong and healthy.
5428	“Did… did Stacey Abrams write this?”
5429	Did Finn Balor and Vero Rodriguez mix up alien universes and try to phone home like E.T.?
5430	Did Gavin's 'sinister' photocall include a warning to his enemies?
5431	Did he get a feeling about that blocked call at the end of the episode?
5432	Did he hand it off?
5433	Did he offer to name the cure he's researching DonaldTrumpFreedomEagleJesusF-150?
5434	Did Joe Biden pass on “a golden opportunity” to deal with allegations of sexual assault of his former Senate aide?
5435	Did Kyle Rittenhouse act correctly?
5436	Didn’t choke,got beat by a good football team that’s all.
5437	Didn't I fear being arrested for making an public threat against the life of a sitting president?
5438	Did Samsung go overboard with cost-cutting, or does the Galaxy Note 10 Lite deliver enough to justify its price?
5439	Did somebody bring in onions?
5440	Did that hit movie hit you a different way than when you watched the Hepburn movies with your mom as a little girl?
5441	Did the dramatic temperature drop dial up the perceived intensity?
5442	Did they access DOD?
5443	Did we just get a quick two-second preview of a new Gomez track?
5444	Diet and exercise dropped off, not because I’ve finally hit my target weight, but because “embrace body positivity” is the new “lose 10lb” and I’m ringing the changes.
5445	Difference is hours vs days.
5446	Different, but not necessarily better or worse.
5447	Different diets lack vitamins and minerals depending on what foods are included within the diet.
5448	DigiByte (DGB) traded up 9% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0214 or 0.00000161 BTC.
5449	Digi-Key plans to have interactive and unique technical demonstrations in their booth area, as well as more traditional games and giveaways.
5450	Digital innovation continually outstrips the ability of security to protect the expanding attack surface, increasing risk and leaving organizations unnecessarily exposed.
5451	DigitalNote (XDN) traded up 26.1% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0006 or 0.00000007 BTC.
5452	Dike, the Chairman of Imo Council of Elders, made the claim why reacting to a question about the alleged exclusion of the South-East from the list of zones to benefit from projects under the $22.7 billion loan by the Federal Government.
5453	Dimitrov said: “I’m surrounded by a great set of guys that I finally get the chance to spend some time with.
5454	D. in environmental design and planning.
5455	Diners at workplace canteens will have to follow social distancing and and they will have to limit how many people are allowed in at any one time.
5456	Dinwiddie would immediately address the Sixers’ need of a real point guard, while the future draft picks would enable them to add more young and promising talents to their team.
5457	Dion Faria, 44, of Bedford-Stuyvesant, was more annoyed than afraid when he was forced to keep his club on Pacific Street closed.
5458	Diplomatic pressure and the European Court of Human Rights, whose rulings are binding for Turkey, have failed to sway Ankara in many high-profile cases, notably those of journalist Ahmet Altan and philanthropist Osman Kavala.
5459	Diplomatic relations between Moscow and Washington are burdened by the antithetical domestic political cultures of Russia and the United States.
5460	Direction that travelers arriving to Ohio should self-quarantine for 14 days.
5461	Director and writer Sam Mendes has said how difficult this kind of filmmaking is and how the crew planned it all meticulously.
5462	Director Garth Davis has gathered an international cast of talented actors to flesh out the familiar New Testament storyline often referred to as ‘the greatest story ever told’, which in my opinion faithfully follows the biblical journey of Jesus.
5463	Directors’ pay totalled €1.34 million that included pension contributions of €486,986 and remuneration of €861,361.
5464	Direct Relief staff have also reached out to hospitals in and Harve and are ready to respond to any requests.
5465	Dirnberger continues to write with passion, creating stories from his personal experiences, while working from a small office on the ranch.
5466	Disabled people in the Bay Area organized assistance collective in Seattle set out explicitly to help “Undocumented, LGBTQI, Black, Indigenous, People of Color, Elderly, and Disabled, folxs who are bearing the brunt of this social crisis.”
5467	Disconnects for downtown customers will be on Wednesday, Aug. 26, and hilltop disconnections will be on Wednesday, Sept. 16. For questions regarding this or other utility matters, call 812-265-8312.
5468	Discover and enjoy the soaring voices of Maria Callas, Jessye Norman, Leontyne Price, Renée Fleming and others with these five minutes that will make you love sopranos.
5469	Discovery’s newest entrant into the streaming wars comes as streaming-video-on-demand services gain ground during the pandemic.
5470	Discuss: Broken People novelist Sam Lansky ponders, What if you could fix all your faults in 3 days?
5471	Discusses “Embodying Soul: A Return to Wholeness: A Memoir of New Beginnings.”
5472	Disgraced West Australian bureaucrat Paul Whyte diverted taxpayer money allocated to a temporary workers’ accommodation project to purchase a luxury home, WA’s Corruption and Crime Commission alleges.
5473	Disgraceful and an insult to all those deserving communities who missed out.
5474	Disinformation means intentional deception (for example, the that the coronavirus was created in a Chinese lab).
5475	Disney Cruise Line: Has canceled all departures at least through mid-September.
5476	Dispensaries working with certified labs are now able to offer tested products to patients."
5477	Distinguished French and Italian fortification experts were commissioned throughout the Order’s stay to make sure their defences remained in line with the latest developments.
5478	Distracted driving fines raised from $280 to $580 plus four demerit points for a first-time offence.
5479	District judge Susan Williams, who imposed a six-month referral order and ordered the girl’s mother to pay £20 in compensation, said: “It’s a real shock when you get mugged like that.
5480	District RCC will assume the charge of activation and roll out of the plan under the District Collector.
5481	Disturbance means adults are away from the nest for longer and the chicks at greater risk.
5482	DISTURBANCE — Report at 7:14 p.m. Monday of a male who was upset with staff at Days Inn, 14466 Dellwood Drive, as they wouldn’t give him a room.
5483	Disturbing as it is, Klyntars exist in a vast "puddle" form without a host, but their natural state is to be bound to another living thing, at which point they likely compress - even "coil" - their larger form into a mimicry of their host's anatomy.
5484	Dittmar competes in the balance beam and floor exercises.
5485	"Diversity is a given," "It's not going to be someone who looks like Gavin," meaning not a straight, white male.
5486	Dixon said state agencies should closely watch the trajectory of unemployment among Black residents as the pandemic continues.
5487	DIZEMTAABA is a combined word from Kasem and Nankani, meaning "Let us help one another".
5488	DJ Black Coffee penned a heartfelt message to his son as he celebrated his 21st birthday.
5489	DMA-R Airman Takes MVP and Leads B-ball Team to Undefeated Season, must comply with the restrictions shown on https://www.
5490	Dmitriev had said that several nations are interested in the production of the vaccine from countries in Latin America, Asia and the Middle East.
5491	Do Amish use clocks?
5492	Doar 5 state cu care Moldova are stabilite relații diplomatice au deschis complet granița pentru cetățenii moldoveni.
5493	Dockworkers in thick rubber boots emptied the catch from the rusting vessels crowded against the pier.
5494	Doctors around the country are weighing in on the reopening of schools.
5495	“(Doctors) told me continuing to play wouldn’t make it any worse, but that it’s just something I would have to deal with,” she said.
5496	Documents discovered at the home of Sandile Ngcobo revealed that a further R181m was paid to some of the accused between July 2018 and June 2019.
5497	Dodgeball and kickball will begin Sept. 28, with all of the sports wrapping up by the first week of November.
5498	Does anyone really care.
5499	Does any sentient human being read ’s coverage of Russia and think that he or she is getting a neutral or unbiased treatment of the facts?
5500	Does a swastika misspelled hurt as deep?
5501	Does he know how the sex works.
5502	Does it, in fact, affect your business?
5503	Does it not border on mental illness to believe that drugs should be prohibited because they are self-destructive, but that self-destructive activities like having casual sex and habitually overeating are none of the government’s business?
5504	Does Modi Govt want starvation deaths?
5505	Does not a business that offer a myriad of services typically does non well?
5506	Doesn't look like things are going to improve till lunch.
5507	Doesn't matter what the numbers look like, when Autumn arrives they WILL spike.
5508	Doesn’t mean anything.
5509	“Doesn’t surprise me at all,” says the head monk, “you’ve done nothing but gripe since you got here.”
5510	“DOE's recent agreement for UAMPS' Carbon Free Power Project is a big step forward in helping to lower the risk of first-of-a-kind advanced nuclear technologies like NuScale Power.
5511	Does Rob Manfred, a lawyer, think that he's representing the Astros?
5512	Does she give off some Luke P. vibes?
5513	Does that give a police officer the right to use that drastic force; shooting at a car in the middle of Castries?
5514	Does the Department of Health think we're all three years old?
5515	Dogboe kept a measured, but consistent assault coming his way with more right hands and body shots.
5516	Dogecoin (DOGE) traded 0.9% lower against the dollar and now trades at $0.0023 or 0.00000025 BTC.
5517	Dog lovers need deep pockets if they want to own top breeds with a new study identifying the costs of owning some of the UK’s most popular pooches.
5518	DOH partners with the Institute for Disease Modeling, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, University of Washington and the Microsoft AI for Health program to develop these reports every other week.
5519	Do I love Putin too, in this conviction of yours?
5520	Do I need extra features?
5521	Doing so, they say, will help ensure we have smart and sustainable cities which are better prepared for when future crises hit.
5522	Doing so will allow Olivia and the group to have one of their wishes fulfilled.
5523	Doing so would only further verify that they’re committed to improving the team in the long-run and are set on re-working the offensive line for the better.
5524	“Do I think the Biden administration will do what they can to undo the oil-drilling plan in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge?”
5525	DOJ Executive Office for Immigration Review（EOIR，移民審查執行辦公室）於3月13日宣佈法院將關閉至4月10日，據報導，這是因為法院中有人已接觸COVID-19。
5526	Dolan is majoring in Marketing with a minor in Sales and is planning on graduating in December 2020.
5527	Dole stated that Bakari appreciated the sacrifices of the soldiers from the MNJTF Troops Contributing Countries and assured them that the on-going military operations would ultimately bring peace and security for sustainable development of the region.
5528	Dolly Parton has posted a video talking of her heartbreak over the passing of fellow country music legend Kenny Rogers.
5529	Domagoso said the MDA is welcome to conduct similar fairs in the future so that they can give food security to residents of the city as well as provide opportunities to workers from rural parts of the country.
5530	Dombay learned of the license in October, said his personal coach Asan Kasaev in an interview with azh.
5531	Domestic bourses opened on a negative note with benchmark indices Sensex trading 353.
5532	Domestic flights and passenger trains have already been allowed in a limited manner.
5533	Domestic violence has increased by upwards of 25% in some countries as a result of lockdowns.
5534	Domestic violence victims and survivors who already live with extreme levels of worry and fear on a daily basis are now forced to live in close proximity to their abusers.
5535	Domestic workers, for example, get R15 an hour, farm workers R18 an hour and Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) workers only R11 an hour.
5536	Dominic Cummings spent three years in Russia from 1994 to 1997.
5537	Dominic provides countless community programs, social justice presentations, and workshops for local residents, including Catholic Charities Refugee & Immigration Services.
5538	Dominion confirmed to CBC News Saturday morning that the staff would be returning in early December to prepare the mine for full operation with COVID-19 prevention measures in place.
5539	Dominion strikers set up at Weston Foods in Mount Pearl on Monday and were met by a police presence on Tuesday night.
5540	“‘Donald,’ I responded, ‘I believe we’re both married.’
5541	Donald Trump had publicly left a piece of advice for Robert Pattinson.
5542	Donatelli sees sales of about $1.2 billion to be derived from the Americas; $1.2 billion from the Far East and $600,000 from Europe and Russia.
5543	Donations to the Utzinger-Vellekamp Environmental Scholarship are tax deductible and can be made by check or online.
5544	Donations will be accepted to benefit the TGI Justice Project, a Bay Area nonprofit that assists “transgender, gender-variant and intersex people inside and outside of prisons, jails, and detention centers.”
5545	Don did a total worldwide business of $14 million.
5546	Donehue - a mental health advocate and drug and alcohol outreach worker who admits he is never too shy to make new connections - followed up his short conversation with Mayne on the day they met with a couple more at the gym the next few weeks.
5547	Don Jr.’s girlfriend, Kimberly Guilfoyle, was infected during the presidential campaign and recovered.
5548	Don Larsen, the pitcher responsible for the only perfect game in World Series history, died Wednesday at the age of 90, according to his representative Andrew Levy.
5549	DonluAfrica Playlist airs every Wednesday’s at 18:00 with a repeat every Saturday on Touch FM.
5550	Donors can give $855,000 annually to the Democratic or Republican parties, but only $5,600 every two years to an independent candidate.
5551	“Do not be silent; shout out loud in the face of prejudice and violence because present in your cries will also be the voice of God.”
5552	Do note, however, that they can get aggressive and take over your garden space.
5553	Do not share golf carts, unless your golf partner is a housemate.
5554	Do not stress unduly about your child missing out on school – remember children the world over, are all in the same boat.
5555	Don’t allow anyone with risk factors to attend games.
5556	'Don't ask me about a wedding,' says one friend of the couple.
5557	“Don’t be afraid of finding creative ways to connect virtually.
5558	Don’t be surprised to see your child being your boss as long as he is hungry for service.
5559	“Don’t call people and tell them not to show up,” she said.
5560	Don’t care what the membership fee is — I’m in!
5561	Don’t expect history to repeat itself.
5562	Don’t f*cking tell me how to do this now.”
5563	Don’t get enticed to pay more for items just because you are romanced by the surroundings and the staff.
5564	"Don't give nothing away!"
5565	Don’t kid yourself.
5566	"Don't let me die, doc."
5567	Don’t let people like Dr. Krug and JVP appropriate our history in favor of promoting their own political agendas and career opportunities that will not help our communities.
5568	Don’t let yourself get caught up in someone else’s expectations, or even in the vision you might have had prior to the pandemic.
5569	Don’t miss it this FRIDAY at 9/8c.
5570	Don’t miss out on the cakes — such as a seductively soft spiced banana cake, enriched with rum and topped with tangy cream cheese.
5571	Don’t miss the Halloween event of the season!
5572	DON’T miss the opportunity to get a taste of the greatest love story ever told – William Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet.
5573	Don’t miss these expert skincare tips from Innocent Aesthetics, which is currently offering up to 15% off its favourite products.
5574	Don’t move too fast physically.
5575	Don’t piss him off or nothing will go the Panthers way in the future.
5576	Don’t tell me you want to do something in the hairdressing world without that amazing place or group of people,” O’Connell says.
5577	Don't thank you henderson county cheer team.
5578	Don’t think for a second that this is an altruistic move.
5579	Don't think mermaids can catch the Rona, so it's safe to eat them out.
5580	Don’t worry Bally team will fix everything.
5581	Don’t worry you’ll make that money back in a few weeks…okay, maybe months, whatever.
5582	DOOL could dial down the scheming and make Claire a sustainable long-term character.
5583	DOOL must have more than one duo in mind here, so let’s consider some other characters that might marry.
5584	Dora consoles Tic in a tender moment when he tells her that he doesn’t want to die.
5585	Dorinda and John during the season premiere of RHONY.
5586	Doris Jean Eldridge, 88, of Sabine Pass passed away on Wednesday, April 22, 2020 surrounded by her loving family.
5587	Dorothy enjoyed going to the casino and spending time with family.
5588	Do something active every hour on the hour to get the blood flowing.
5589	Do the Americans love Trump?
5590	Do they know he was in an alternate timeline, or about his continued efforts to save his people?
5591	Dottie always had a smile for everyone that she crossed paths with.
5592	Doug Beattie, Northern Irish legislator for the Ulster Unionist party, said the photo made him "cringe".
5593	“Doug called more runs for Hurts than Carson.
5594	Doughnuts, cheesecakes and babka (a sweet, braided bread) are among the other at Londoners' disposal.
5595	Dough Zone specializes in juicy Chinese dumplings like xiao long bao (tender little meatballs and a puddle of broth encased in a delicate wrapper), q-bao (fat, fluffy-crisp pork buns seared in a pan), and lacy pot stickers.
5596	Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC decreased its holdings in Automatic Data Processing (NASDAQ:ADP) by 26.9% in the 1st quarter, according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
5597	Douglas was a performer as early as kindergarten, when he recited a poem about the red robin of spring.
5598	Doug Martin: Having a hard time finding a mask?
5599	Doug Supernaw, who made his mark in country music during the late '80s through the late '90s with several Top 30 hits including "I Don't Call Him Daddy," in February of last year that he is battling Stage IV cancer.
5600	Dover Police are investigating the shooting death of a 20-year-old university student in a park during a large party.
5601	Do what you can.
5602	Down by five runs after seven, Heron Lake fought back with two runs in the eighth and one in the ninth off relief pitchers Michael Iverson and Barker.
5603	Down four cents, or 2.72 per cent, to $1.43 on 15.
5604	Down Syndrome Ireland Kerry branch: Helping people with Down’s syndrome to make their own futures as bright and independent as possible by providing them with education, support and friendship every step of the way.
5605	Do you agree with our list of the best Adam Driver performances, or do you think that something should be added or taken away?
5606	Do you believe in polygamy, and why?
5607	Do you believe in what you're saying?"
5608	Do you expect a man who admitted to giving money to herdsmen to get them to stop killing Kaduna people to play by the rules?
5609	Do you expect the upheavals in the wake of the coronavirus crisis to trigger a new wave of antisemitism?
5610	Do you have any pets to keep you calm?
5611	Do you have to pay rent or the mortgage if you have been furloughed due to coronavirus?
5612	‘Do you know that one?’
5613	Do you know that when you are going to do research overseas, the first question they ask is the kind of equipment you have used in the sense that you include it in your proposal.
5614	Do you know whatever happened to her?
5615	Do you prefer something peated or something sweeter?
5616	“Do you realize the compromise might be fire the school boards and let Horry County set the start date?” said Republican Sen. Shane Martin, a former school board member in Spartanburg County.
5617	Do you really think that any other country wouldn’t eventually come to look like the U.S. after nearly a century of dominating the world’s financial landscape?
5618	Do you think that on FOX should be cancelled or renewed for a second season?
5619	Do you think that they should be shut down?
5620	Do you want a different industry or a new role altogether?
5621	Do you worry about the ripple effects on the sport when it’s already been announced that outdoor pools will be shuttered this summer in New York?
5622	Dozens of bodies were found in two unrefrigerated U-Haul trucks at the funeral home, reports CBS New York.
5623	Dozens of people were pictured making their way along the Lungomare, the city's seafront promenade, as the sun came up - while pizzerias were also allowed to reopen for deliveries.
5624	Dozens of public officials and local entrepreneurs are accused of exploiting the crisis for personal enrichment by peddling influence to price-gouge hospitals and governments for medical supplies including masks, sanitizer and ventilators.
5625	Draft projections for Oregon quarterback Justin Herbert have been all over the map, but it’s likely that several teams will be planning virtual visits with him.
5626	Drafts of the text insist on a “level playing field” that “will stand the test of time”.
5627	Dragon fruit is usually grown in South America, Asia, Central America, and Mexico, so you will have no trouble finding it in the States.
5628	Drake tied for third-most, at eight nods apiece, with Megan Thee Stallion — whose ‘Savage’ remix with Beyoncé scored Queen Bey three nominations of her own.
5629	Drakkon is imprisoned by the Power Rangers in BOOM!
5630	Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, speaks during the daily briefing of the White House Coronavirus Task Force, at the White House April 17, 2020 in Washington, DC.
5631	Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s foremost expert on infectious diseases and a member of the president's task force, confirmed Tuesday that the administration was actively discussing a recommendation for wide use of face masks or coverings.
5632	Dr. Chelico entered into the College of Agriculture at the University of Saskatchewan to do research about using microorganisms as fertilizer or pesticides in order to use fewer chemicals.
5633	Dr Conley revealed Mr Trump’s oxygen levels dropped before he was admitted to hospital on Friday, which caused concern among his team and saw him given supplemental oxygen.
5634	Dr. David Nabarro: I think more than a second wave, I'm worried about repeated new outbreaks.
5635	Dr. Denis Nash, professor of epidemiology program at CUNY’s Graduate School of Public Health and a former city Health Department epidemiologist, is concerned about contact tracing efforts.
5636	Dreaded Kirk-foe Khan would make his first appearance in the as a hyper-masculine abuser who uses his sheer force of will and sexual dominance to get what he wants.
5637	Dreamer pointed out that Cody had wanted to kill Bravo.
5638	D:Ream's biggest hit was in 1994 with the song "Things Can Only Get Better" — the song the man is playing in Shaun the Sheep: Farmageddon's post-credits scene.
5639	Dressed in a gingham smock dress, she also walked up to doors to hand over the grub.
5640	Drew will never take a knee and explained why, but his misstep is he should have added he understands why other players do.
5641	Dr Fone makes it easier than ever before to transfer data between your smartphones and computers, where you can transfer pretty much anything between your devices.
5642	Dr. Hamdan’s students are doing experiments on the seafloor to investigate where the microbes came from, and where they go when they leave shipwrecks.
5643	Drier air will be moving into Alabama today and we’ll have mostly sunny skies throughout the day.
5644	Drink Drive Limits – the proposal to reduce the current limit in a driver’s breath from 50 to 35 micrograms per 100 millilitres of breath.
5645	Drinking one's daily requirement of water on its own will do little, if anything, to improve it.
5646	Drip by drip, here and there, in the pattern of the best propaganda, as the French sociologist Jacques Ellul says – “for propaganda is not the touch of the magic wand.
5647	Drive-Into Experience will give fans an entirely new way to experience the fictional universe — one that doesn’t violate social distancing rules, either.
5648	Drivers are facing delays after a bus crashed into a roundabout in Aberdeen.
5649	Drivers are given instructions including a warning that, while the racing is relatively safe, no medical staff is present and drivers should conduct themselves accordingly.
5650	Drive up COVID-19 testing is coming to Navarre and Tiger Point.
5651	Driving is perfect for the platform since it doesn't involve moving around yourself, and DriveClub VR is the perfect demonstration of that.
5652	Dr. Kansembe urged Brazilian students to visit Zambia and sample its biodiversity.
5653	Dr. Kauffman and his associates want to remove or modify four other dams this year, kicking off one of the nation’s biggest dam-removal programs across a single watershed.
5654	Dr. Kieran Moore, the local medical officer of health, has been asking residents to not see anyone they don't live with in person, even at a distance.
5655	Dr. McClellan, who directs the Duke-Margolis Center for Health Policy, was commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration from 2002-04.
5656	Dr. Ngozi Ezike, Illinois public health chief, announced on Thursday an additional 673 new cases of COVID-19, bringing the state’s total to 2,538 cases.
5657	Drop a jig along a rock bar for walleye.
5658	Drops from black type company for the first time to maiden grade.
5659	Dr. Peng also mentioned that his hospital was giving Vitamin C powder to all healthcare providers and advised them to take 1-2 grams of Vitamin C powder, daily.
5660	Dr. Penny Borenstein added the hospital emergency rooms were not for coronavirus testing.
5661	Dr. Phil appears on Laura Ingraham and says we don't shut the country down for automobile deaths, cigarette related deaths, and swimming pool deaths pic.
5662	Dr. Robert R. Redfield, the current director of the CDC, who was hired by Trump said, “We are not out of the woods yet.”
5663	Dr Schiller and colleagues found only one type of meteoritic material with a composition similar to that of the Earth — a type known as 'CI chondrites'.
5664	Dr Schmitt's team were also able to identify 12 cases of coronavirus in December and 16 in January.
5665	Dr Sean Conley, physician to the president, said in a statement issued through the White House later on Monday that Mr Trump was in "very good health" and "symptom-free".
5666	Dr. Shah also said the use of masks and sanitisers is not necessary.
5667	Dr Snehavardhan Pandey, head paediatric hepatologist and liver transplant physician of the hospital, said they started chemotherapy and approached different organisations for help.
5668	Dr Subhash Kapila is a Graduate of the Royal British Army Staff College with wide experience in the Indian Army, Cabinet Secretariat&Diplomatic Assignments in USA, UK, Japan, South Korea and Bhutan.
5669	Dr. Tan recommended a tight-fitting mask, with no gaping on the side.
5670	• Drugmaker Moderna is asking the FDA for emergency approval of their COVID-19 vaccine.
5671	Dr. Wittwer grew vegetables there for nearly eight years after retirement as director of the Michigan State University Agricultural Experiment Station.
5672	Dr Zengli appeared to be waving a smoking gun.
5673	DSP Abdulkareem said the district head looked fatigued and stressed.
5674	Dubai Police stations to get sports hubs for.
5675	Dubai, U.A.E.: ZEE5 Global, the largest OTT platform for South Asian content, has announced a partnership with Emax Electronics in the UAE.
5676	DUBLIN, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Students in the Dublin City School District will be spending the first 41 days of their school year learning from home.
5677	Du Bois’ “progress” 100 years ago looks startlingly like today.
5678	Duchess Meghan felt "free" in Los Angeles with her husband Prince Harry, as they were able to explore the city with minimal interruptions due to the coronavirus pandemic.
5679	Duck Donuts kicked off their grand opening this weekend offering all kinds of yummy donuts.
5680	Duckworth is a double amputee, having lost both legs after a Black Hawk helicopter she was copiloting was shot down by Iraqi insurgents.
5681	Dudley Moore’s turn as an immature, alcoholic billionaire was his best work outside of his partnership with Peter Cook, and his romance with Liza Minnelli feels surprisingly natural.
5682	Due also to a lack of human resources and advanced preparations, the number of PCR tests done in Japan has been very low.
5683	Due to a lack of time and space for such a massive undertaking, Newton said the minimalist “Calvin in the Time of COVID” was born.
5684	"Due to COVID-19 related travel restrictions and the inability to gather in large groups, Starkey Hearing Foundation suspended international programs," president and board chair Richard Brown said in a statement Saturday.
5685	Due to limited resources, Beaumont staff will only test people with pre-existing health conditions or moderate to severe symptoms.
5686	Due to our current inability to test for COVID-19 on St Helena, the Health Directorate is taking all necessary precautions to protect the public.
5687	Due to provincial health regulations and sport-specific protocols put in place due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this KIJHL season will look different from others.
5688	Due to the geopolitical situation and the looming …
5689	Due to the inherent evolutionary nature of a society, law needs to be adaptable according to the changing socio economic conditions.
5690	Due to their nature of work and the congested living conditions, a single case can infect a hundred persons."
5691	Due to the lockdown, its Chinese supplier could not supply various critical components.
5692	Due to the massive increase in mail-in ballots, the final results for some key states may not be known for over a week.
5693	Due to this 150-year-old railway arrangement, freight trains do not reach their respective destinations in time, as these trains are not given priority on their route, the Railway Minister said.
5694	Due to this, Peter could feel a sense of calm in her presence, as Gwen would welcome his decisions and only challenge him when she genuinely thought he was going astray.
5695	Due to this, the federal government has advanced plans to arrange a system whereby airlines can access credit facility at long-term, single digit interest rate.
5696	Duke Energy has purchased land near Whiteville Recreation Center, where it plans to relocate the substation.
5697	Dumoe, however, called on government to look into the genuine points raised by the protesters in a bid to promote citizens' interest over the interest of foreigners in Liberia.
5698	Duncan hopes that Urban Sanctuary can be that place for the people she serves.
5699	Dundee city’s entire gritting fleet was out in full force today after a sharp overnight frost.
5700	Dunne believes the regulatory landscape is at a pivotal point now, with two opposing factions in the ring.
5701	Dunn estimated the curtailments will total a "few hundred thousand barrels per day," but the technical hazards of shutting down and restarting steamed oilsands wells means operators will have to continue to produce bitumen at a slower rate.
5702	Duque did not make any public statement after having his ass handed to him by one of Colombia’s most prominent and respected victim representatives.
5703	Duranty knows well enough what is happening in Ukraine, but believes more in the Soviet experiment than what it actually produces.
5704	“(Durga) Pujo greetings to JP Naddaji and his family.
5705	During 2020, the transfer of funds using popular cryptocurrencies became ridiculously expensive.
5706	During Abaga's stint, Koker, CKay, Dice Ailes had hits on the label.
5707	During a brief discussion about the release of a recent photo of Azzopardi, the accused shook her head and smirked.
5708	During a conversation with Oprah Winfrey for her TV Plus show The Oprah Conversation, the 50-year-old actor said the moment came before he transitioned from being romantic lead hero to dramatic parts.
5709	During a luncheon discussion at GWMS, EREF President and CEO Bryan Staley emphasizes the need for credibility amidst a culture of misinformation.
5710	During a parliamentary question and answer session, Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs Minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma stood firm in her position that smokers are more at risk of suffering complications from Covid-19 than non-smokers.
5711	During a press briefing earlier this week, acting chief medical officer Dr Ronan Glynn urged the country to continue its efforts as a whole to halt the spread of coronavirus.
5712	During a September 2019 appearance at FAN EXPO Canada, McFarlane said he's not rattled being a first-time feature director because he's "directed this movie a thousand times" in his head.
5713	During a three-month period, Eban notes, "more than 2.4 million Americans contracted COVID-19, and 123,331 of them died of the illness — first in New York, and then in states around the country.
5714	During budget-cutting sessions, the council unanimously voted to remove police from the team, and split 5-4 on a second vote to eliminate funding altogether and redirect it to nonprofit service providers.
5715	During dinner, Gizelle asked Candiace to apologize to Ashley for throwing a ton of shade at her last season.
5716	During drought, farmers would use the water from the ponds to save their crops.
5717	During every elimination he looks in his opponents’ eyes and watches as their hope melts away, dreams turned to nightmares, all because of him.
5718	During Friday’s episode, Taggert and Curtis Ashford go in to save Trina and Cameron Webber (William Lipton), who were both kidnapped by someone affiliated with Cyrus.
5719	During her testimony in front of the SCJC, Mirafuentes named state Rep. Frank as a person who she spoke to personally about the corruption.
5720	During his battle with the evil Son of Superman, Superboy is sent back in time and finds himself on Krypton just days before it explodes.
5721	During his fight against COVID-19, he said there were times when he couldn't move or catch his breath.
5722	During his reign as education secretary, swathes of the education establishment were dismissed as the “enemies of promise”.
5723	During his reign of terror, everyone's been after Trump's tax returns with limited success.
5724	During lockdown, when everyone needed a reliable network the most to beat the homely boredom and keep life as normal, almost every user witnessed how frustrating 'poor' internet can be.
5725	During my absolute confinement, which lasted more than three weeks, I missed the sun a whole lot.
5726	During my recent interaction with the media in the state, I made reference to people now resorting to self-help, which is a dangerous one.
5727	During recent weekends, a sometimes unmasked Bolsonaro has joined throngs of people protesting against Brazil's Congress and Supreme Court.
5728	During rehearsals and during performance, there were technical difficulties such asWIFI issues.
5729	During response operations, Detroit District, Emergency Management Office conducts emergency operations to save lives and protect public facilities and communities.
5730	During that month, the White House blocked Fauci from testifying before House lawmakers.
5731	During that time, Prof Picard and I were focused on the applications of emotion-recognition technology in a variety of fields, including mental health and autism research.
5732	During the 1990s under Conservative Prime Minister Tony Blair, Britain became considerably more pro-EU, and with the Good Friday Agreement in 1998, domestic violence between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland began to fade.
5733	During the 2018 gubernatorial race, Trump gave Kobach a late boost in endorsing him a day before the Republican primary.
5734	During the 2019 flooding disaster, CSD staff participated in both the FEMA-sponsored Disaster Recovery Center (DRC) program and the Arkansas Red Cross Multi-Agency Resource Centers (MARC) in various locations around the state, assisting 152 Arkansans.
5735	During the after show, a fan -- who clearly missed the memo that quit RHOBH -- asked Erika if there was any chance the women would "at least get along a little bit" with LVP in the new season.
5736	During the Blitz of World War II, after German bombs put a hole in the House of Commons, British MPs found a new home within two days.
5737	“During the course, I realised how much I loved spending time with the canvas and experimenting with the colours,” says Roja and she just kept on till she earned a Masters in Fine Arts.
5738	During the course of search, it was found that unaccounted cash had been generated by companies and trusts in which the petitioner was either a shareholder or trustee.
5739	During the coverage, reporters used to sifting through reams of scientific voting data were instead wandering around rec rooms and auditoriums, counting raised hands or estimating the size of clusters of people in bleachers.
5740	“During the day, I’m inside playing video games, reading, doing schoolwork.
5741	During the design phase, Park Hyatt partnered with Toni Chi and Associates, an award-winning interior design firm to ensure each room was the perfect modern interpretation of classical Japanese architecture.
5742	During the distribution exercise, TCZ will also be receiving application forms from new applicants, verifying TCZ numbers, distributing the Code of Ethics for the Teaching Profession and offering any other TCZ services.
5743	“During the exam prior to my infusion on Tuesday, my oncologist felt a new mass that she wanted checked out.
5744	During the first few weeks of life, babies may nurse roughly every two to three hours, and the duration of a feeding is usually ten to fifteen minutes on each breast.
5745	During the first six weeks of virtual learning, the district will be implementing asynchronous learning, which will allow students to work at their own pace while teachers support them through live interventions and daily instruction.
5746	During the first wave of the virus, Israel managed to largely contain the danger by and much of the economy while enlisting a public’s largely disciplined adhesion to restrictions.
5747	During the flu season, people who exhibit flu symptoms are regularly told to get rest, stay hydrated and take something for symptomatic relief.
5748	During the Great Recession, the state saw a high of 36,414 new claims in December 2008 accounting for roughly a sixth of the claims Nevada Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation saw this March.
5749	During the hearing conducted through video-conferencing, Mehta told the bench that states might seek extension of the deadline but they cannot take the decision to confer degrees without holding the exams.
5750	During the hearing, state Sen. Carrie Ruud, R-Breezy Point, said angler education is important, because the market for lead-free alternatives isn’t fully developed.
5751	During the Houston Rodeo and Livestock Show parade, the mayor said he was excited to share the good test results.
5752	During the investigation, police say that Pelle identified himself as the caller, and was then placed under arrest without incident.
5753	During their call, Kudryavtsev said his unit had not expected the pilot to make an emergency landing in Omsk.
5754	During their pilgrimage to Alabama, Franklin and Nichols visited other places as well, such as the Dexter Avenue King Memorial Baptist Church, the church Martin Luther King Jr. was a pastor at and The Legacy Museum: From Enslavement to Mass Incarceration.
5755	During their time in Casa Grande, Sue worked as a cashier for Basha’s Food Store.
5756	During the last seven days, Bancor has traded down 21.1% against the US dollar.
5757	During the last week, CoinPoker has traded down 5% against the dollar.
5758	During the last week, FirstCoin has traded 5.7% lower against the U.S. dollar.
5759	During the last week, Metronome has traded down 4.7% against the US dollar.
5760	During the lockdown, Rowntree will be taking to the kitchen himself, cooking more and utilising some of the restaurant-quality ingredients available across London, including from Borough Market, his local grocery treasure trove.
5761	During the lockdown, the city of ; when “even parties of the most informal sort were called off,” Illinoisans “were thrown upon their own resources for amusement.”
5762	During the lockdown, we survived on what we had on hand.
5763	During the marathon, social distancing and the crowd is imminent and hence it is being called off," Mhaske said.
5764	During the meeting, the officials apprised the CM about the need for a parking policy as in the last seven years, the number of vehicles have doubled in the city.
5765	During the pandemic, I know I used my fair share of Amazon Prime, used by an estimated 112 million people in the U.S. alone.
5766	During the panel, Heyer cited his study of psychology and stated, “This is a childhood development disorder.”
5767	During the past seven days, the total number of COVID-19-related deaths in the state increased by two to 286, according to the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) data dashboard.
5768	During the past week, the average has fallen 13 cents a gallon and is currently 57 cents lower than last year at this time.
5769	During the peak of the coronavirus outbreak in the region in the spring, when the hospital was at 120 percent capacity and nurses were being asked to work in unfamiliar areas, two nurses died from COVID-19 and others became ill.
5770	During the program there will be presentations and Artist Talk with guests Lindita Komani & Edmond Budina, Ergin Zaloshnja, Pleurad Xhafa, Gentian Shkurti, Stefano Romano, HAVEIT, Leonard Qylafi and Luçian Bedeni.
5771	During the quarter, we purchased 63 million shares at an average price of $55.32 per share.
5772	During the recount, Milwaukee County officials noted that the ballot envelope has the words “application” printed on it and a special mark to note that the voter requested it.
5773	During the regular 2018-19 season, launched just four new scripted shows and cancelled them all.
5774	During the report card advisory council’s meetings and the State Board’s visits to local districts, public school leaders have indicated a drive to employ and retain as many teachers as possible.
5775	During the same examination, Tim Demetriou also said his uncle was just an advisor to the group.
5776	During the same period in 2019, there were 3,529 notices of intent and 321 re-open requests.
5777	During the same period last year, the company earned $1.77 EPS.
5778	During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.48 earnings per share.
5779	During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.46 earnings per share.
5780	During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $2.77 EPS.
5781	During the six-minute video, Mr Burgess roared and made other loud noises while a cougar followed him along the hike.
5782	During the tech expo, Samsung allegedly gathered its partners for a closed-door presentation related to its mobile devices.
5783	During this Play-in-a-Week camp from Spokane Valley Summer Theatre, discover if Hermione holds the key in this magical world.
5784	During this week’s presidential debate, President Donald Trump told supporters “to go into the polls and watch very carefully,” which has raised concern about voter intimidation.
5785	Dus Bahane 2.0: Tiger Shroff and Shraddha Kapoor make the song granderWe said this before and we reiterate, it's impossible to forget the peppiness and energy of the Dus Bahane song from Dus.
5786	Dusty Groove: The Sound of Transition tells intimate stories about our deep connection to music.
5787	Dutch art centre invites customers to dine in 'quarantine glasshouses'
5788	Dwight’s concussion made him a lot more mellow than usual, which made him friendlier to Pam, and they developed a bond that would continue to grow for years.
5789	DXJ incorporates that to neutralize movements of the yen and help investors focus on the potential gains of Japanese stocks.
5790	Each ‘adventure’ was selected by a panel of expert practitioners, and consists of a hands-on experiment and nature discovery.
5791	“Each barista engages with hundreds of people every day,” Lyman says.
5792	Each campus is different, and I expect situations to evolve differently.
5793	Each cat that goes to a foster home will need feeding, cleaning, socialising (so, just spending time with you and getting snuggled), and will need to be given medicine if needed.
5794	"Each child only gets a box once in their lifetime.
5795	Each clip is just a few minutes long, yet it contains a perspective of the sugya that is the product of decades of yegi’as haTorah.
5796	Each concert will be strictly limited to 100 physically distanced attendees, each of whom was assigned a reserved seat spaced 2 metres apart from others and issued a face mask upon entry as part of the ticket price.
5797	Each construction project today has its own concrete mix, designed by structural engineers to take into account how and where it will be used.
5798	Each country’s trade minister took turns signing a separate copy of the pact while his or her head of state or head of government stood nearby and watched.
5799	Each day brings its own cares and worries, and we must take care of one day at a time.
5800	Each day is his championship game.
5801	Each district wrote their own plans.
5802	Each episode features the cast and crew coming together for intimate roundtable discussions with never-before-seen footage and on-set interviews.
5803	Each fall, the fruit produced by the orchard is open to members of the public to be harvested, and free to take home!
5804	Each finalist began with at least a 90-minute long public meeting with the full City Council.
5805	Each fist that made contact with Akainu was one fueled by wrath.
5806	Each is a battle that requires engagement, sacrifice and a willingness to change.
5807	Each issuer has its own threshold for fixed minimum payment amounts; you can find this information in the terms and conditions section of your card.
5808	Each meal comes with a choice of salad (mixed greens or Caesar), bread and butter, and a dessert.
5809	Each member can produce about 20 masks per day, and it isn’t only women sewing.
5810	Each missed appointment costs the Trust £170, which equates to £1.5millon lost to the health and social care budget in 2019.
5811	“Each of the appointees is committed to ensuring that the City follows best practices for creating a community in which all feel and are safe.
5812	Each of the Pacaccio family members were called to testify, retelling the awful details of finding Tricia on the doorstep of their home.
5813	Each of these Black young men were in your age group (or younger) when they were killed.
5814	Each of these overachievers certainly don't need their knockout trick to win in a fight.
5815	Each of the seven battalions provided a team of six senior leaders to participate in the competition.
5816	“Each of us has a divine spark within that extremely powerful, providing the strength to rise above and navigate the raging waters.
5817	Each one offers a different layout, with different entry points, obstacles, and vantages for players to pursue and interact with.
5818	Each one of these is an appealing application for AR – and Apple’s interest in the company suggests it has similar deployments in mind.
5819	Each person in the ring then volunteers to pick a post and agrees to help.
5820	Each phase lasts for at least 14 days to ensure that infections don't accelerate again.
5821	Each pikeman carried a short sword and dagger but wore comparatively little armor.
5822	Each portion of the state offers something different.
5823	Each short had between two and three actors and spanned anywhere from 10 to 15 minutes in duration.
5824	Each soap and bath bomb will retail for $6.95.
5825	“Each space one passes through is an invitation for all who enter to discover more about tribal peoples and hopefully realize the value they add to Montana State University,” Robinson said.
5826	Each stage is distinctly different and accomplishes something unique in the customer journey.
5827	Each stage of restriction will have an average observance period of two incubation periods, which is 28 days.
5828	Each time a Vatican official would kneel before the pope holding a rod which contained a piece of smouldering cloth.
5829	Each virtual “seat” can be sold multiple times, and in this way sales can reach or exceed prior full-house levels.
5830	Each was unique and further proof that the bob will rule in 2020.”
5831	Each wish Schrempf grants helps earn money for a campaign he has going on another site, the charitable donation app Cauze.
5832	Each year around the end of January, the federal government, through local agencies, conducts a count of homeless people nationwide to better understand needs of residents and determine where to direct funding and services for addressing homelessness.
5833	Each year, Planters recruits college graduates for the position and trains them to represent the brand on the road.
5834	Each year PSHA awards gifts and grants to a diverse list of local and regional non-profit organizations in support of their efforts in the community.
5835	EagleBank’s Rosslyn Branch located at 1919 N. Lynn Street, Arlington, VA.
5836	Eagle Watch is Sunday, Jan.
5837	Ealing Council said its leader, Councillor Julian Bell, contacted Lydia as soon as he heard what had happened.
5838	Earlier, he had been hiding in Faridabad but moved out after police pressure increased there.
5839	Earlier in 2015, a technical committee formed by Fadnavis had suggested to move the proposed Metro 3 car depot out of Aarey forest.
5840	Earlier, leader of the sect, Sheik Abubakar Caranci, thanked the Governor for the warm reception and expressed plans to unite their followers and execute key major projects including education, healthcare services, among others.
5841	Earlier, Legit.ng reported that Giovani Lo Celso's miss from close range in Tottenham 1-0 loss to LiverpoolMourinho dropped to his knees in disbelief and horror.
5842	Earlier Monday, the Israeli army said it had killed four men laying explosives near the Israeli-occupied sector of the Golan Heights.
5843	Earlier, on June 11, a Federal High Court in Benin transferred the suit challenging the mode of primary election adopted by the APC National Working Committee (NWC) to nominate its governorship candidate in Edo State to the Court of Appeal.
5844	Earlier on Sunday, about 300 people woke early for a dawn "mourning" service in St Kilda, recognising the hurt Australia Day causes for many Aboriginal communities.
5845	Earlier reports also suggest that the company is especially focussing on the cameras for the upcoming series.
5846	Earlier that year, the wrestler starred in his in "The Scorpion King."
5847	Earlier, the REC, Mr Johnson Alalibo, told the Senators that the commission was fully ready for the elections, adding that 11 of 14 items listed on the schedule of activities had been completed.
5848	Earlier, the release date of the film was September 9 which was significant also because it was Akshay Kumar’s birthday.
5849	Earlier this month, Chinese phone vendor unveiled Super FlashCharge 120W, using a custom USB-C cable and charger to deliver similar recharge times — a 4,000mAh battery could go from zero to 50% in five minutes, or zero to 100% in 13 minutes.
5850	Earlier this month, Ernst & Young also recommended the government adjust physician compensation to align with other provinces following its review of Alberta Health Services.
5851	Earlier this month, Germany issued a rebuke by saying that 'politics concerning Thailand should not be conducted from German soil'.
5852	Earlier this month it was announced heritage organisations in England would receive a financial boost from the Government to help them through the coronavirus pandemic.
5853	Earlier this week, all central government employees were asked to download the Aarogya Setu app with immediate effect and come to office only when the app flags the status as ‘safe'.
5854	Earlier this week, health insurance lobbies said that they would support the Trump administration reopening enrollment as long as the government covered losses.
5855	Earlier this week, latest figures showed just 59.9% of close contacts of people who tested positive in England were reached through the system in the week ending October 28.
5856	Earlier this week Mr Vella had posted about the practice of having 'persons of trust' in the OPM and said that the former PN government had a similar situation.
5857	Earlier this week, our SBC Council of Seminary Presidents released a strong statement reaffirming with eagerness the Baptist Faith and Message.
5858	Earlier this week, the insurance giant Aviva said it faced a £70m bill from the recent UK storms.
5859	Earlier this year, Biofourmis added to its oncology pipeline with its acquisition of Gaido Health from Takeda Pharmaceuticals.
5860	Earlier this year, Miller’s name was etched alongside Virginia Tech’s seven other Medal of Honor recipients on the marble cenotaph at the center of War Memorial Court.
5861	Earlier this year, Smith was honored at the fifth annual Uplifting Black Men Conference at Virginia Tech, receiving the Black Male Excellent Network’s (BMEN) leadership award.
5862	Earlier today, he took his last breath as he was suffering from colon infection.
5863	Earlier today, historian Ferriter said the group “did not recommend or endorse the idea of a formal state commemoration for the RIC in the manner proposed”.
5864	Earlier today, Prime Minister addressed a rally in Bihar’s district on Tuesday where he said that the voter enthusiasm in Bihar amid the global demonstrates deep roots of democracy in India.
5865	Earlier today we reported on a Biglaw firm, Womble Bond Dickinson, laying off associates and cutting salaries holding back on lateral hiring as the economy goes into free fall.
5866	Early diagnosis and treatment is very important.
5867	Early flu shots a 'risk worth taking'
5868	Early in the day Friday, White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany claimed the media had taken the president’s comments out of context.
5869	Early on, times in meets are often discounted.
5870	Early voting ended Oct. 30 and local counties are gearing up for in-person voting with several polling places.
5871	Earth shuns them for being Starfleet upon arrival, and is revealed to have become aggressively militarized—hoarding what dilithium it can, not to use it, but because it can.
5872	"Easier by far to read the history that Teacher Leigh teaches, those names and dates orderly as bricks, stacked to build a civilization."
5873	Eassie was born in Giles County to the late Randolph Hoston and Marie King Hoston Saunders.
5874	Eastern Airways unveiled the twice-daily flights to London City airport as part of a package of new services, which also includes routes to Southampton, Dublin, Belfast City, Cardiff and the Isle of Man.
5875	Eastern and Western Dedicated Freight Corridors are currently being rapidly built by the Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India and these are to be commissioned by 2022.
5876	Eastern province Zhejiang recorded one infection Wednesday of a man, 36, who also worked at the food trading hub.
5877	Easter Sunday falls on the 12th April this year and many of us will be enjoying the traditional chocolate eggs, hot cross buns and simnel cake.
5878	▶️ EasyJet hacked: cyber attack gets details of nine million customers https://t.
5879	EasyJet has warned of “significant disruption” to its operations with multiple flights canceled into Gatwick Airport while Luton Airport was advising passengers to check with their airlines before setting off from home.
5880	EasyJet Says Cyberattack Stole Data of 9 Million Customers.
5881	EATING healthily can be tricky, especially for avid followers of the latest food- related headlines.
5882	EBCoin (CURRENCY:EBC) traded 7.4% higher against the US dollar during the 24 hour period ending at 0:00 AM E.T. on November 13th.
5883	Eberly said the settlement offer is because ASK LLP doesn’t want to have to go to court and file a claim – they’d rather just have people pay without having to do any work other than sending out a letter.
5884	Eck elaborated on this spiritual aspect of Shen Yun, seeing connections to it from throughout life and the world.
5885	Ecklund has comfortably won his last two elections, and Democrats have tallied more votes than Republicans here in nearly every race in 3A since 2016.
5886	Ecobank Nigeria came next with 140 percent, YoY, increase in loan loss expense, which rose to N2.2 billion from loan recovery profit of N5.5 billion in Q1’19.
5887	Economic development coordinator Lou Perillo said there is an underground storage tank filled with gasoline, an above-ground fuel oil tank, and solvents on the site that potentially pose a threat.
5888	Economics, as Mises understood, is the study of social cooperation.
5889	Economist Arthur Laffer and pundit Stephen Moore, economic lodestars on the right, recently that cutting relief checks is likely to "prolong a slump, as the Obama strategy did."
5890	Economy Borough — Thursday, Oct. 29 from 6-8 p.m.
5891	Edcon, one of South Africa's oldest retail groups and owner of department store chain Edgars and budget clothing retailer Jet, applied for a form of bankruptcy protection in April after a coronavirus lockdown shut its stores across the country.
5892	Eddie explained to Anne where he came from, and she told him how she ended up with the symbiote.
5893	Eden (CURRENCY:EDN) traded 2.1% lower against the dollar during the 1 day period ending at 9:00 AM ET on April 5th.
5894	Edgar described himself as “a complete Cage aux Folles virgin” but said the play was “very funny”.
5895	Ed Gulick, a Navy Medicine spokesman, said Project ORION proved to be an important “safety net” and that sailors across all ranks “appeared to greatly benefit from ORION’s proactive, nonmedical approach of long-term outreach.”
5896	Edinburgh’s Traverse Theatre has unveiled a new series of podcasts featuring creatives and cultural commentators across the UK and further afield.
5897	Edith Gluck, 92, an ethnic Hungarian from Borsa, Transylvania (Romania), and her family were deported to Auschwitz in June 1944.
5898	Editorial director of Lane Communications Group.
5899	Editor-In-Chief Alex Jensen was a reporting contributor for this story.
5900	Editor’s Note: Daniel Holms and his wife, Erin Holms, own Southern Mountain Gear, an outdoor gear retail shop located in Hagatna.
5901	Editor’s note: The Times declined to send reporter Adam Jude to Anaheim for this game because of COVID-19 safety concerns.
5902	Ed Matthews stands on his deck in Heart's Content.
5903	EDMONTON -- Alberta doctors say Thursday's provincial budget will leave them with less money and less time with patients.
5904	EDMONTON -- City crews are cleaning up shattered glass after dozens of bus shelters were smashed overnight in north Edmonton.
5905	Edmonton police are also investigating two suspicious deaths that occurred over the Halloween weekend.
5906	Educational tourism: Lastly, I recommend a learning process where the School organizes periodic tours of Africa in which students learn the culture of leadership and the peoples of Africa with practicality.
5907	Education minister says schools will reopen for Grades 7 and 12 on June 1, and she cannot guarantee that “no one will die”
5908	Education Minister Stephen Lecce announced on Sunday that a handful of licensed child care operators across the province will be exempt from a provincial order to shut down, allowing them to reopen their doors for essential workers.
5909	Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was also on the call, and spoke well of Catholic schools, Murray said, especially as an alternative to public schools.
5910	Education was only one of the reasons why the Chicago Abortion Fund decided to do a statewide billboard campaign.
5911	Edward served as a two-term mayor of the Village of Sands Point and was a member of MBYC and SPGC.
5912	Edwina McGregor left her Williamsburg, Brooklyn, apartment to fly home and was put the same hotel, but in a room with windows she couldn’t open.
5913	Edwin Rios was dropped from the Dodgers’ active roster for the NLDS after suffering a minor groin injury during the Dodgers’ workout last Sunday.
5914	EFCC alleged that Maina, as Chairman of the defunct Pension Reform Task Team, used the account of the firm for money laundering to the tune of about N2 billion, part of which he used to acquire landed properties in Abuja.
5915	Effective March 27, 2020, Going Garbage will only accept credit/debit cards at their drop-off site at 10564 Old Stage Road in Sister Bay.
5916	Effective messages were vital, agreed Samara Afzal, a GP from the west of the city.
5917	Efforts by the O.E.C.D. to broker an agreement on internet taxes have been slow going.
5918	Efforts to contact Minister Trotman for a response to the report’s findings were unsuccessful.
5919	Efforts to get a reaction from the Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Chidi Nwabuzor, was unsuccessful at the time of filing this report.
5920	Efforts to ramp up literacy levels among the adult population and at the early childhood level have been disappointing, as a significant number of students leave high schools unable to read or reason, Williams said.
5921	Efforts to slow the coronavirus turned people’s lives upside down overnight.
5922	EFL chiefs agreed the change with the Premier League and FA last June - but it remains to be seen in the long term is replays remain in their current format or are culled altogether.
5923	Eggplant is a fruit in the nightshade family, as are tomatoes.
5924	… Egotism is still our worst enemy.
5925	“Egyptian people always talk with European delegations, the US and British embassies, on various subjects as well as human rights, but this has not happened before.”
5926	Eight kilometres away, wood harvester Laurie Currie said he's laid off from 7 Gulches Forest Products, a family-owned woodlot.
5927	Eight Mexican nationals were among the victims, and the indictment accuses Crusius of targeting people because of their “actual and perceived national origin.”
5928	Eight more people have been hospitalized, bringing the total to 464.
5929	Eight of the new cases are in Barrie, Ont.
5930	Eight others, including Bryant's 13-year-old daughter Gianna, were killed in the crash in Calabasas, California.
5931	Eight patients and two health-care workers have tested positive, AHS said in a news release.
5932	Eight retired nuns living in the same convent were all killed by Covid within a week of one another, with four dying on the same day.
5933	Eight years after Libyan leader Colonel Muammar Gaddafi eliminated his country’s weapons of mass destruction the colonel found himself on the wrong side of the gun, when he was overthrown and killed in 2011 submerging the country in a civil war.
5934	Eighty five of them were found to be viable and were consequently taken to another nest within the park’s territory.
5935	Eighty nine-year-old media mogul Rupert Murdoch was tucked safely away in his London penthouse with his 27-year-old wife watching CNN.
5936	Eileen Cook and Tretawdy Farm hit headlines in 2010 after Mrs Cook, then aged 92, won the right to evict her daughter from the farmhouse.
5937	Eilish also gave the debut performance of her " alongside her brother and producer Finneas, Hans Zimmer and a complete orchestra.
5938	Eisenberger suggests the city will have a role to play in helping businesses find available financing opportunities and with accessing needed supplies of personal protective equipment (PPE).
5939	EISENBERG: That sounds really fun.
5940	Eisert wrote on Dandelion’s “Blackout Tuesday” post on June 2. “Yeah, we still do.
5941	Either way, however, I’d imagine Porter should be playing more than half of games, and he should get his share of crunch time burn, given his talent level on-ball, and with him holding his own defensively last season on the perimeter.
5942	Either way, I look forward to finding out.”
5943	Either way, it seems to be false advertising to sell non-wing meat as a wing.
5944	Either way, the roster around Minshew needs a ton of work, and selling off assets for draft picks and/or help up front should be a priority.
5945	Either way, these are questions nobody can answer except for maybe the Long Island Medium.
5946	Either way, you might want to sign up for notifications.
5947	Eke revealed he gave her money to push her career and he sponsored her music video.
5948	Ekta also gave her definition as she wrote on Instagram, “Bebaakee …anything that is â€˜out of controlâ€™, itâ€™s something that is wild, that is â€˜dheetâ€™, that does not follow the norm, and that is untamed in its purest form!
5949	Ekta Kapoor says she liked only Rahul and Rubina because they played with their heart and mind.
5950	Elected Council released a statement admonishing the RCMP for use of “excessive force” when, two weeks ago, the federal police raided a camp of Wet’suwet’en people blocking access to the pipeline.
5951	• Elected in 1990 as a Democrat to represent west Salt Lake County in the Utah Senate, Peterson was the only woman in the chamber for part of her 12 years in office.
5952	Election inspectors count ballots into the early morning hours of Wednesday, Nov. 4, 2020, at the central counting board in Detroit.
5953	“Election is naturally an internal politics of a country, but it is okay if you decide to use an instrument of visa, which is their right on who they give their visa to.
5954	Electric car fans have flocked to his videos for insight on the industry and car capabilities.
5955	Electric cars are less expensive, more convenient to fuel than gasoline vehicles, are better for the environment and reduce our dependence on foreign oil.
5956	Electricity distribution companies in the country will record a tariff shortfall of N545bn this year, an analysis of data obtained from the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission has shown.
5957	"Electric power and the raw material shortage is a challenge for all factories," he said.
5958	Elementary and high schools stopped in-class instruction in March and will not reopen this school year.
5959	Elevators and processors stayed busy rolling cash bids into the December futures contract.
5960	Elgin City have announced striker Kane Hester has signed a two-year contract extension, committing him to the Borough Briggs outfit until the summer of 2022.
5961	Elgton Jenkins is so versatile that he can play all five positions on the line.
5962	Elias Pettersson had a goal and two assists for Vancouver (22-15-4).
5963	Eligible finders were paid C$604.00 in cash compensation and were issued 840 compensation warrants ("Compensation Warrants") for their assistance.
5964	Eli Lilly And Co had a return on equity of 107.99% and a net margin of 35.10%.
5965	Eliminate the use of fertilizers and plant native species that will contain or even eliminate runoff.
5966	Elimination Chamber contract signing: The segment was solid in that it established the roles of the wrestlers involved in the match.
5967	Elisabetha designed the furniture herself, and got them made by hand-picked suppliers.
5968	Elizabeth has a serious boyfriend, Jimmy, and she explained that they haven't slept together yet, as he wanted to wait until her divorce was final.
5969	Elizabeth Jeannette, Director of Early Grade Reading Coordination at Rwanda Education Board and a teacher by profession, called Vuningoma's death "heartbreaking."
5970	ELIZABETHTOWN — Meal delivery and concerns around logistics are a part of the issues Bladen County Schools face less than a week before students reenter classrooms, school board members were told at Monday’s regularly scheduled meeting.
5971	Ella and Atilla love hanging out with the animals.
5972	Ellen Astrachan-Fletcher, a certified eating disorder specialist and regional clinical director of Eating Recovery Center in Illinois, says the study’s findings are similar to what she’s seen in patients during the pandemic.
5973	Ellen Page comes out as trans and is now called Elliot: ‘I feel lucky to be here and to have arrived at this place in my life’
5974	Elliott says Ontario completed more than 26,000 COVID-19 tests over the past day.
5975	Ellison had never met Johnson, and had never heard his voice.
5976	El Nido pivoted to online instruction and recruited more volunteer tutors — most of whom are high school and college students — to meet demand.
5977	Elon Musk came out of the closet, so to speak, and that he would not take a Covid-19 vaccination, and refused to commit to paying his staff who chose to stay at home to avoid getting the virus.
5978	Elsewhere, Britain has reduced staff at its embassies in Iran and Iraq to a minimum level amid escalating tensions on the Persian Gulf.
5979	Elsewhere, Charlotte befriends Sidney’s ward, Georgiana Lambe (Crystal Clarke), a young black woman whose mother was a slave, but who inherited a fortune from her father.
5980	Elsewhere, he said, resources have been expropriated by developed countries at the expense of developing nations.
5981	Elsewhere, US futures are also keeping slightly higher by just over 1% currently as we look to begin the European morning.
5982	Elvira knew them well enough to insist that Enid had the measure of the notoriously crusty Maugham: “They were a funny couple, intimate because of bridge.
5983	Email “Coronavirus: No further deaths and 24 new cases confirmed in Ireland”.
5984	Email “'Insulting and demeaning': White House briefing on Soleimani killing criticised by some Republicans”.
5985	Email “Irish Greyhound Board spent nearly €18k on public relations in three months after RTÉ documentary ”.
5986	Email “Phil Hogan says he was subjected to ‘full-scale attack’ by Taoiseach and Tánaiste”.
5987	Email “'We're bottom of the pile': Tattoo artists say they shouldn't have to wait until August to reopen ”.
5988	Email “Your evening longread: The fascinating Micheál MacLiommóir writes about the art of acting”.
5989	Embattled coach Adam Gase’s squad ranks last in total offense (259 yards per game), last in passing (155.9 yards per game) and last in third-down conversions (28.3 percent).
5990	Embattled Georgia schools have made headlines all week.
5991	Embrace the tank, Jets fans.
5992	Emergency bulkheads were sealed as the wounded submarine fled the scene, believing itself to be pursued by a Soviet submarine for two days.
5993	Emergency crews were called to an apartment building near Bleecker Street and Wellesley Street East, east of Sherbourne Street, just before 9 p.m. for reports of a stabbing.
5994	Emergency personnel were already helping the person, an adult man, when police arrived at the scene.
5995	Emergency services are using a field just north-west of the tracks to base their response.
5996	Emergency teams streamed in from across Lebanon to help, and the injured had to be taken to hospitals outside the capital.
5997	Emergency unit doctors, nurses and staff all wear personal protective equipment and follow stringent clinical and infection prevention practices.
5998	Emergent Biosolutions’s revenue was up 33.3% on a year-over-year basis.
5999	Emily Maitlis insists she 'asked for the night off' after she was mysteriously replaced on Newsnight by Katie Razzall as 'hacked off' BBC colleagues say her impartial Dominic Cummings monologue is 'hardly a one-off'
6000	Emily Strasser totaled 19 digs, her 15th match of the season in double figures.
6001	Emissaries were those who trained in the Druid ways of healing and protection, and acted as a neutral party between packs, though they definitely had their loyalties.
6002	EMMA CORRIN: (As Princess Diana) Oh, yes, absolutely.
6003	Emmanuel Contla said he was supposed to meet his little brother at the bakery on Sunday, but instead of Jose, he saw cops and police tape.
6004	Emma vanBruinessen was a force again on the glass for the Timberwolves with 17 rebounds to go with seven points.
6005	Emma was then subjected to a tirade of abuse and her family were labelled “lazy Teletubbies” and denounced as scroungers and wastrels.
6006	Emmerdale continues Friday 20 March at 7pm on ITV.
6007	Emmy® Award-winning executive producer Michelle MacLaren (Game of Thrones, Breaking Bad) directed the series premiere and second episode and serves as an executive producer on the series.
6008	Employees, faculty and students will have to complete healthy and safety practice training before arriving on campus.
6009	Employees have been sanitizing the credit card pin pad and gas pump handles – there’s one for regular unleaded and one for diesel – after each customer.
6010	Employees have their own desk, but there are also phone booths people can use for individual video meetings.
6011	Employees of Cape Schools Assistant Superintendent Josh Crowell as Mickey Mouse, Principal Julia Unnerstall as Elf on the Shelf, Psychological Examiner Stephanie Craft as a Christmas tree and Superintendent Dr. Neil Glass as Buddy the Elf greeted.
6012	Employees seem to want this as well.
6013	Employees who are “uncomfortable being at work” can take unpaid time through the company’s “COVID-19 job-protected voluntary leave” program.
6014	Employer-provided insurance is typically well liked by those who are covered, although it is not without costs for the employee.
6015	Employers know that certified HR professionals bring a level of quality control to their responsibilities that can make a significant impact on an organization.
6016	Enbridge said the replacement pipeline, which will largely follow a new route across the state, will improve safety.
6017	Encourage family chores that are age-appropriate for everyone in the family.
6018	Endless supplies of both, of course!
6019	Enel is also a master of Observation Haki known as Mantra.
6020	“Energy and infrastructure projects have been completed on schedule, 75,000 Pakistanis have got jobs in BRI projects, and 28,000 Pakistani students are studying in China.”
6021	Enforcement of the rules of the road will continue in earnest to maintain law and order on our roads,” he said.
6022	Engineering and neuroscience professor Robert Rennaker said implantation of the device requires one incision.
6023	Engineering had even more applications in March than in an average month.
6024	Engineers have broken down thatched houses marked for replacement by LACE to allow only beneficiary of Sasstown, Grand Kru County, to benefit from the Presidential Pro Poor Housing Units.
6025	England are scheduled to tour India next year between January and March for five Tests, three ODIs, and three T20Is.
6026	England have named five seamers, in addition to Stokes, with James Anderson, Stuart Broad, Jofra Archer, Mark Wood and Chris Woakes vying for places in the starting XI against West Indies.
6027	Englebert said they will publish more about Ntiwiragabo's support network soon.
6028	English football's moment of truth is upon us.
6029	Enhanced cleaning of areas including pay stations, bagging areas and carts or baskets between each use.
6030	Eni aims to support the increase of low carbon energy sources in countries where it operates.
6031	Enjoy 80 performers live throughout the greater Puget Sound region via the Northwest Boychoir & Vocalpoint!
6032	Enjoy every second momma.'
6033	Enquest PLC is based in London, the United Kingdom.
6034	Ensign Group, which owns The Springs, did not return a request for comment.
6035	Enter Charles Papio, a retired Brooklyn cop who is a member of St. Bernadette’s parish, Dyker Heights.
6036	Enter registration number, roll number.
6037	Entire powerhouse cities in Asia and Europe are nearly shut down.
6038	Entitled “Sparking the free world afire,” the main topic of the event was the controversial arrest of four members of the Spark Alliance, a fund which supported the legal fees of arrested protestors.
6039	Entrance revenue is lost when visitors are allowed in free on certain holidays that they would have been willing to pay anyway and be coming in in large numbers.
6040	Entries for this year’s competition opened online on the Miss South Africa website from Monday, May 11.
6041	Entries open 10am Thursday 30 April and close 10am Thursday 7 May 2020.
6042	Entry experience will include towering pine trees as well as landscaping featuring a variety of native grasses, flowers, and shrubs.
6043	Entz said the hope is to add more devices to his program.
6044	Environmental conditions can deteriorate to a point where they may become incompatible with the right to life and dignity.
6045	Environmental destruction may make pandemics more likely and less manageable, new research suggests.
6046	Environment and Planning Ombudsman Alan Saliba upheld a request by St Julian’s mayor Albert Buttigieg to investigate how the PA “abusively” issued a permit in August last year when the Lands Authority was objecting.
6047	EO: How about the Naval Air Warfare property?
6048	EOS (EOS) traded 7.5% higher against the dollar and now trades at $2.95 or 0.00036319 BTC.
6049	EP: In all seriousness, my biggest thing right now is I'm incredibly lucky.
6050	Epsilon is forecast to move west-northwest for the rest of the week, before eventually turning on itself towards the east.
6051	Epstein, 66, committed suicide in a Manhattan jail cell on August 10 while facing federal sex trafficking charges.
6052	Equally disturbing was the fact that Mr. Musyj did not immediately remove the offending comment, though it was later taken down.
6053	Equally important, Aisha Yesufu said she has been identified as one of the patriotic Nigerians, who have been fighting for years for good governance in the country.
6054	Equities research analysts anticipate that CVS Health Corp will post 7.12 EPS for the current year.
6055	Erdem Moralioglu shot his first fashion campaign, for Matches, in the garden near his London home.
6056	Erdogan has felt extra pressure as nearly a million people in Syria’s northwestern province of Idlib fled towards the Turkish border during the recent Syrian regime assault backed by Russia and Iran.
6057	Erdogan is asserting that Turkey will actively seek a new world order in which it has influence and authority commensurate with its civilizational status and modern-day achievements.
6058	Erdoğan’s attempts to achieve cooperation with Iran are another obstacle to accepting the US peace plan".
6059	Erectile dysfunction elimination: This powerful supplement is able to completely eradicate the ED that you have been struggling with.
6060	Erekat is a longtime senior adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and served as the Palestinians’ chief negotiator in past peace talks.
6061	Erica hit her lucky spin on June 15.
6062	Erica playing with her daughter Lily (left).
6063	Eric Cantor tries to take middle ground on immigration, faces attacks by … –.
6064	Eric Dent, a former professor at The University of North Carolina at Pembroke, now teaches at Florida Gulf Coast University.
6065	Erick Mann is the vice president and chief engineer for CommIT Enterprises.
6066	Eric Sogard, Brock Holt and Jedd Gyorko all signed one-year pacts for a combined $9.75 million to provide infield depth.
6067	Erin Tack scored a career high 19 points, Alexis Klevin hit six 3-pointers and Kelso stayed alive in the 3A bi-district tournament in Lakewood.
6068	Erivo has already secured an Emmy, a Grammy and a Tony, meaning she’s one Oscar away from becoming the sixteenth EGOT winner ever.
6069	Errata: Two new cases were erroneously reported for Osun State in week.
6070	Escambia County EMA Director David Adams said in a release that Hurricane Zeta has sustained winds of 90 miles per hour and is moving north at 18 mph.
6071	Eskom insists that its new programme of stepped-up maintenance, which aims to address decades of neglect and mismanagement, will end load-shedding within 18 months.
6072	Espat was tested positive two days after the November 11 general election.
6073	Especially a schedule that includes two games against Chicago.
6074	Especially as the snow blows across the roadway and vehicles drive over and compact the snow, even more, turning it icy.
6075	Especially now that it's very clear, Courtney has her own nemesis.
6076	"Especially when the public are struggling to make ends meet, they will be furious," Senator Hanson said.
6077	"Especially when we walk out on stage every night.
6078	Especially when you decide at midnight that you’re going to exempt the French.
6079	“Especially with Dodge, because you have to do it in such a way as to not fumble, it has to be so slick.
6080	Especially with older kids, we want to make sure they don’t lose their credits,” Anderson said.
6081	“Especially with the new changes in philosophy and application implemented by 1-14th Aviation to the AH-64 Instructor Pilot Course.
6082	ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski have agreed to send and a first-round pick.
6083	ESPN’s Malika Andrews and Gary Washburn of the tweeting that yelling could be heard in the Boston Celtics’ locker room following the team losing Game 2 of the Eastern Conference Finals to the Miami Heat.
6084	"Essentially a sense of calm has come over the marketplace," she said in an interview.
6085	Essentially, has its own fictional anthropology, of which fans can familiarize themselves to whatever extent they choose.
6086	Essentially these clip-anywhere wireless earbuds are designed to, what the company officials call, “re-invent how music can seamlessly integrate into the world of adventure sports.
6087	“Essentially, the way to think about it is: I live in the Stanford neighborhood, and if I own a gun, my comparison would be with other people who are aged 52 and male and white and live in the Stanford neighborhood who don’t own a gun,” he explained.
6088	Essentially, we are back at misogyny over accountability.
6089	Essential oils and Himalayan salt lamps?
6090	Essential travel is exempt.
6091	Essentia's Vision Northland project, which has resulted in ongoing lane and road closures from Superior Street to Second Street around its downtown campus.
6092	EssenViews - Silence Kills Democracy "Wake up America, he’s creating a dictatorship": Trump ignites backlash with a demand that two liberal SCOTUS justi… https://t.
6093	Establishments are to exclusively offer drive-thru, take-out or delivery options to support families, businesses and the food supply chain during this emergency.
6094	Estimates of the required investment in global water and sanitation infrastructure by 2030 vary considerably from USD 7.5 trillion (McKinsey 2016) to USD 23.1 trillion (New Climate Economy Report, 2014).
6095	Estonia and Latvia have not expressed intentions to make such a statement.
6096	ESTPs are known as energetic thrillseekers who are at their best when in amongst it.
6097	Estranged Vice-President Saulos Chilima, who is running mate to Tonse Alliance torch-bearer Lazarus Chakwera, says if voted into power, the alliance will implement policies that will unite and uplift Malawians.
6098	ET Canada gives you the latest on some of Hollywoodâ€™s long-lasting and new A-list couples, from Kathy Griffin tying the knot to her beau Randy Bick to Madonna making her rumoured new relationship.
6099	Eterbase Utility Token (XBASE) traded 4.2% higher against the dollar and now trades at $0.82 or 0.00006331 BTC.
6100	Ethel's touchdowns came on runs by Kentrell Dotson, a freshman, and Mike Miller, a sophomore.
6101	Ethereum (ETH) traded down 3.8% against the dollar and now trades at $270.31 or 0.02705727 BTC.
6102	Ethics commissioner Mario Dion says in a report that Peschisolido “chronically” failed to disclose his private interests, as required by the code.
6103	Ethos (CURRENCY:ETHOS) traded 1.7% higher against the U.S. dollar during the twenty-four hour period ending at 23:00 PM Eastern on May 27th.
6104	E una dintre măsurile esențiale, care au ajutat mai multe state asiatice să țină răspândirea COVID-19 sub control.
6105	EU national leaders will assess the state of play at a summit next month, with a no-deal Brexit still possible.
6106	European banks trade at less than half their book value, while U.S. banks trade at more than four-fifths of book value.
6107	European Gymnastics has announced it plans to host a virtual Extraordinary General Assembly on November 18, which could see its 2021 Congress postponed to 2022.
6108	European honey bees, the cultivators of nearly of honey produced in the U.S. in 2017 alone, are a domesticated bee species.
6109	European indices are performing less strongly: the Eurostoxx 50 stands at 3344.3, versus its February peak of 3834.
6110	European interbank lending rates, known as Euribors, have also been rising, suggesting funding strains across the system.
6111	European Shares Poised For Sharp RetreatEuropean stocks are likely to open sharply lower on Monday as Italy scrambles to check the spread of Europe's first major coronavirus outbreak.
6112	Europe continues to ease lockdown as Switzerland re-opens.
6113	Europe's Galileo sat-nav satellites back online after.
6114	EUR/USD challenges weekly lows after mixed Durable Goods Orders US Durable Goods Orders were up a measly 0.4% in August, missing expectations of 1.0%, although Nondefense Capital Goods Orders ex …
6115	EU surveys show that nearly 65% want them cast back into the fire from whence they came.
6116	… Evan Boudreaux had 11 points and five rebounds while Stefanovic and Eric Hunter Jr. each finished with 10 points.
6117	Evan Maxwell, the professional player among Abington Heights alumni, also was part of losses in his two most recent games.
6118	“Even a few days delay will jeopardize the life of the pregnant people, and in Judaism the life of the pregnant person is always considered paramount.”
6119	Even after independence Bangladesh has received support and cooperation from India.
6120	Even after long play sessions, the DeathAdder V2 Mini feels great to use.
6121	“Even after our dedicated recent efforts to get Lumbee recognition legislation enacted, it is with a heavy heart that I inform you we have not been successful,” Godwin wrote.
6122	Even after the Supreme Court has denied any postponement of the engineering and medical exams - JEE Main and NEET - the debate is still on on holding the entrance exams during the COVID-19 pandemic.
6123	Even a longtime fan, nightlife columnist Michael Musto, told The Post it was “one of the worst things I’ve ever seen.”
6124	“Even amidst penury and deprivation, the feeling of richness our father carried was very different.
6125	Even an affluent London borough had become a news desert or (in the contentious US phrase) “flyover zone” where little in the way of community news found its way into even the local press, never mind national media coverage.
6126	Even as Donald Trump dubs himself a “wartime president” and joins foreign policy makers in hurrying to counter an abrupt economic shock, investors seem largely underwhelmed by many of the actions taken so far.
6127	Even as government restrictions to combat the virus are easing, the fallout reached a flashpoint in Kentucky last weekend when armed protesters gathered at the State Capitol.
6128	Even as he becomes part of a propaganda campaign designed to raise Russian morale, he grows entangled in a war-time love triangle as he is hunted by one of Germany's most dangerous snipers, who is tasked with eliminating this beacon of Russian resistance.
6129	Even as news emerged that President Maada Bio had ordered Mr. Costa's release late Wednesday, supporters of the talk show host remained in limbo as authorities Liberia toughen their stance to have him returned to Monrovia.
6130	Even as the backlogs subside, confusion about cases persists because state and local health departments do not report them uniformly.
6131	Even as this week’s stock market meltdown was being compared to the losses of 2008, there were many ways that the coronavirus could prove more challenging for the Fed to tackle.
6132	Even at war, there are certain places that are marked as sacred, churches, schools, libraries are not touched.
6133	Even a young Lea Thompson and Joaquin “Leaf” Phoenix weren’t enough to get me over the hump.
6134	Even before he made his speaker bid official, Fecteau met with, telephoned or Zoomed each of his 79 Democratic colleagues during election season, traveling north along the sea coast to districts near the Canadian border.
6135	Even before his acting ability was apparent, the 6-foot-2 Mr. Connery had a remarkable physical presence, onscreen and off.
6136	Even better is that both come with an amazing deal for Brits.
6137	Even better, Stands have their own personalities!
6138	Even Chukwu’s predecessor, Chief Martin Orji, has not handed over to Chukwu.
6139	Even considering the re-grades, Spielman doesn't lose much.
6140	Even if fans don’t have access to Meghan’s luxurious lifestyle, they can rock one of her best looks!
6141	Even if he does return to work sooner than he might have planned, the presence of a new baby in Downing Street will only add to the demands on the prime minister, who has been warned not to overdo things during his recovery from the virus.
6142	"Even if I win, it's going to take a lot of hard work to end this pandemic," Biden said in Delaware.
6143	Even if Lucifer tries to change the surroundings on the battlefield, it would do very little because Jiren is just way too strong and adaptive.
6144	Even if the draft doesn’t actually take place, these are undeniably memorable, and outside of some minor gripes (I don’t like team slogans on the side), they’re totally wearable.
6145	Even if these problems were fixed, however, the failure to draw a red line for agents would still render this bill unfit for purpose.
6146	Even if they test negative, people are still encouraged to self isolate for the full two-week period and monitor for the onset of any symptoms.
6147	Even if we were just a little bit right, we could make a really sizable impact, because not a lot has changed.
6148	Even if you argue he’s had the best equipment, that achievement is remarkable.
6149	Even if you stick to one airline for all your flights, co-branded cards are tricky when it comes to extracting value.
6150	Even in 2018, Democratic women were not winning primaries at that high a rate.
6151	Even in a shortened 60-game season, injuries are sure to happen.
6152	Even in CCI order approving Walmart’s acquisition, they have mentioned this.”
6153	Even in his own camp, Bolsonaro’s support is far from universal.
6154	Even in industries that have been impacted, say, economically, getting to the new efficient frontier of cloud economics is one way for them to in fact do better as they get into recovery.
6155	Even in that day and the days that followed there were hints of the societal cracks that were going to be worsened.
6156	Even in the last week, yet another Uttar Pradesh case emerged when a 22-year-old Dalit woman was raped by two men who broke into her home.
6157	Even in these worst of times, this is a choice no voter should face.
6158	Even Michelangelo had to work at his painting to master his craft.
6159	Even more catastrophic have been the humanitarian impacts, including hundreds of thousands of civilians killed, millions of people displaced, and entire nations ravaged.
6160	Even more concerning, however, is politicians’ lack of appetite for reform.
6161	Even native English speakers mess up „who“ and „whom.“
6162	Even not particularly well-known N.F.L. players.
6163	Even now, my blood jumps to remember certain scenes.
6164	Even on a day of guesses and yet another wave of unconverted starts, they at least dealt with certainties.
6165	Even other countries are going around to give stipends to their citizens.
6166	Even Ovi is a Zoom guy now.
6167	“Even payment by one party to rule justly if the law is in his favor is prohibited.
6168	Even post-covid-19 lockdown, there is no legal aid in foreign labour courts provided by the centre and state government.”
6169	Even Schulmann recently decided to take this step, “so that my story won’t be disputed by historians,” she says.
6170	Even so, Brooke’s not out of the game!
6171	Even so they managed to win 7 to 9 games with him.
6172	Even so, want to know the simplest answer?
6173	Even stadiums that can partially reopen will only have home fans, who will be asked to keep to social distancing and avoid close contact like hugging.
6174	Even Stefan gets to ride off into the sunset with his best friend instead of enduring an eternity of torture.
6175	Even the film does not throw any light on this.
6176	Even the likes of Kelechi and Onuachu are still not guaranteed a place in SE.
6177	Even then, Jones might have swung it, but for one thing: the learning curve he was on – in a game substantially foreign to him – was one that had already been travelled down many years before by men with surnames such as Sheens, Gould, Bennett and Ryan.
6178	Even the Sean Connery die-hards would be unlikely to put his six films above every single one of the others; conversely, many wouldn’t distinguish too much between Timothy Dalton’s pair of entries, but we’ve put them 14 places apart.
6179	“Even the smallest detail could be critical in solving this crime.”
6180	Even the state capital’s traffic bottlenecks gave way to the free flow of the Games.
6181	Even the supplier credit that I get from South Africa, I do not use it.
6182	Even this didn’t always work.
6183	Even those who do not visit the shrine sometimes have their wishes granted, according to Benjapop Benjathammatorn, owner of the nearby Sichon Cabana beach resort.
6184	Even though Atticus hurls a homophobic slur at his father, you can tell that he comes not from a place of actual hatred, but rather one of pain that’s wrapped up in the trauma he’s still dealing with from taking on years of abuse from Montrose.
6185	Even though both are way opposite to each other, as Ajay is quite an introvert kind of a person and on the other hand, Kajol is known for her bubbly and extrovert nature, one could say that the saying 'opposites attract' perfectly describes them.
6186	Even though he said he hasn't been to the zoo in years, council member Edmund Ford Sr. said if anyone wants to take money from it, "I have an issue with that."
6187	Even though he works in an ER, Sherman is not entirely sure where or how he may have contracted COVID-19.
6188	“Even though I believe in God, I’m still scared.”
6189	Even though I paid only two dollars I walked out on three of them.
6190	Even though it's immersive for an audience member to watch the film, in the doing of it, it was really immersive.
6191	Even though it was close, Miami controlled the game especially in the 4th quarter.
6192	Even though my next appointment is still a month away, I sent the practice an email over the weekend to ask about anything I need to keep in mind.
6193	Even though our pets do not appear to be threatened by the illness, there is still the issue of creating sure they are cared for properly while under lockdown.
6194	Even though she may be the professional helping to steer things along, Dr. Singh has ascertained that “The burden of health in our country will remain the responsibility of every person who lives here.
6195	Even though the Fed has resumed bond purchases, it does not liken it to the "quantitative easing" used in the last crisis.
6196	“Even though the trip was within the regulations, it was very unwise not to take into account the impact of the new restrictions on our society,” the king said.
6197	Even though the two produced sizzling on-screen chemistry, the film failed to really do well at the box office.
6198	Even though this year's events are coming to a close, organizers say the support from the participants in the derby and the people in the stands, made them happy to be a part of the fight for such an amazing cause.
6199	Even to a newcomer from the United States, Diego Maradona was omnipresent throughout English’s one-season stint with the now-defunct Società Sportiva Basket Napoli franchise.
6200	Even Trump has been reminding the citizens to follow the CDC guidelines that can help the country stop the spread and reopen to work at the earliest.
6201	Events are taking place around the globe on Sunday to mark International Women’s Day 2020.
6202	Events like today demonstrate that.”
6203	Eventually, American investors joined in, too.
6204	Eventually, Batman brought Grayson to the batcave and revealed his identity as Bruce Wayne.
6205	Eventually he was restored with his health, his wealth and his possessions.
6206	Eventually I could barely move.
6207	Eventually James Gunn changed his mind and decided to go with a simpler look for her face.
6208	Eventually, Peter was able to assuage them all after another heartwarming speech, but it probably helped that he laid on the charm to win the women over again.
6209	Eventually they are lost permanently to their foreign places of work.
6210	Eventually, they came back to Bangor, where they were recognized and arrested.
6211	Eventually they said look to the left, look to the left.
6212	Even under normal circumstances, Holiday sees family time as a cherished respite.
6213	Even under the best of circumstances, however, litigation can be expensive and very time-consuming — with an uncertain outcome.
6214	Even when the doors of the shop were closed, every single customer call was diverted to Sean Power, owner of Harvey Travel and well known workhorse.
6215	Even with familiar sightings of spiky green leeks poking out of wrinkled canvas totes, the market worked differently due to the pandemic.
6216	Even with his loaded resume, Ramsey didn’t stroll into Evanston and find his name already on top of the depth chart.
6217	Even with his well-documented defensive shortcomings, goals cost money, and Hoffman can score — he had 29 goals in 69 games last season, and 36 in 82 the year prior.
6218	Even with on 15L of pure Oxygen (The highest option available) she still struggled to breath & was about to be put on a ventilator.
6219	Even without having gone to the CIF playoffs, Del Mundo believes during Castro’s tenure at Burbank, she and the other seniors set in motion better and brighter days for the Bulldogs.
6220	“Even without the business advice, some (organized crime groups) can approach certain businesses directly, but this tends to happen where places are smaller and communities tighter,” Sergi said.
6221	Even with the absolute best parts, the whole is still greater.
6222	Even with your hectic schedule, your auto glass must be repaired.
6223	Even worse than that, they would have to secure the rights to the story from MGM, something they hadn't been able to do in years prior.
6224	Evercore ISI assumed coverage on Alexandria Real Estate Equities in a research report on Friday, February 7th.
6225	Ever dreamed of driving a steam engine?
6226	Ever-Glory is also a leading global apparel supply chain solution provider with a focus on middle-to-high end casual wear, outerwear, and sportswear brands.
6227	Evergreens lined the dirt walkway, which bordered a steep, rocky coastline.
6228	Everi Holdings Inc. and Scientific Games Corp. are on the verge of commercializing digital wallet products that could bring cashless gaming solutions to Nevada casinos.
6229	Ever look around the table when the "aspiring chef" in your family unleashes her latest culinary creation?
6230	Ever look back on a memory and it feels like just yesterday… but also like a different life?
6231	Ever since she came forward to accuse of sexual misconduct against her, says she has been verbally and physically attacked by the R&B singer’s fans.
6232	Ever since the inception of the Indian Premier League (IPL) over a decade ago, it has brought a multitude of talented players into the limelight.
6233	Eversley became the vice president of college scouting for the Washington Wizards in 2013 before heading to Philadelphia in 2016.
6234	Ever watch the sci-fi classic 2001: A Space Odyssey?
6235	Every Acadia gets blind-spot monitors and rear parking sensors.
6236	Every bit will count!
6237	“Everybody can do a little, by just keeping physical distance as much as possible, simple things like washing hands, covering your face, wearing masks where needed,” he said.
6238	Everybody has to take responsibility.
6239	Everybody just take a chill pill and relax and enjoy the show,” Cardona said.
6240	Everybody knows that 1 egg to a ¼ lb of flour will make Yorkshire pudding for four.
6241	Everybody over there that I had worked for in the second-unit capacity and the action-design capacity, they were really cool people to work with.
6242	“Everybody’s going to be distant because everybody’s high risk,” Money said.
6243	“Everybody’s gotta go somehow, you know what I mean?” one 21-year-old woman told the reporter as she lounged on the beach.
6244	"Everybody wants to have the kids back," he said.
6245	“Everybody was so nice to me.
6246	Every box is themed (think botanical, celestial and bold geo prints) and include exclusive stationery and desk accessories designed in collaboration with the chosen Artist of the Month - a great way to support budding new talent.
6247	Every business looks great on paper.
6248	Every child in Colorado deserves this opportunity.
6249	Every child in single- and two-parent households earning less than $198,000 will also receive a $500 payment.
6250	Every day is Mother's Day in this house.
6251	“Every day I wake up hoping it has not happened and have to relive that initial feeling of shock and devastation… just seeing her face and hearing her voice made the world a better place.”
6252	Every day military leaders reach out to the NTTR with their requirements for training, testing or evaluation.
6253	“Every day we support hosts around the world with our $1 Million Host Guarantee,” it said.
6254	Every detail better than the last.
6255	Every dollar donated will help those across the country affected by HIV/AIDS, COVID-19 and other critical illnesses receive healthy meals, lifesaving medication, emergency financial assistance, housing, counseling and more.
6256	Every man should know about the benefits of this supplement.
6257	Every manufacturer has its own way of backing up.
6258	Every mask is packaged with five reusable carbon-activated filters, which last eight hours each.
6259	Every match opens with 100 players jumping out of a cargo plane onto a giant, abandoned island with nothing but the shirts on their backs.
6260	Every month CP4VNE partners with Old Glory Millworks to host a flag building workshop with Lance Perkins in Templeton.
6261	“Everyone agrees that the Games cannot be held on the dates planned,” Andre Giraud said.
6262	Everyone entering the clinic will be screened at point of entry.
6263	Everyone from medical students to senior professors and laymen alike will enjoy this work.”
6264	Everyone has to wear clothes, but for residents of Guam and Saipan, it is a little harder to find online retailers that ship them to the small islands of the Marianas for a reasonable price.
6265	Everyone is too busy bringing down other people.
6266	Everyone knows ‘Shark Tank,’ so the general idea is to create a real-world experience pitching to real-world practitioners and to answer questions on their feet as well as encourage critical thinking.
6267	Everyone must self-isolate for two weeks if they do report symptoms, regardless of nationality or whether they tested negative.
6268	Everyone seemed content, so I took a couple of snaps, no one minded'
6269	Everyone seemed to be in better places.
6270	"Everyone wants to live in an area with a pretty view.
6271	“Everyone was from Farmington, with the exception of one guy.
6272	Everyone who appeared on the show felt as though they had their own story to tell.
6273	Everyone who crossed his path was impacted by him in one form or another; he undoubtedly left his mark on this world.
6274	Every order so far has been directed at an opposition party or politician, or a government critic.
6275	Every person searching for a better life deserves safety and dignity.
6276	Every product comes with a manual.
6277	Every production factory will ask you for a PDF file of your proposition.
6278	“Every religion has a holy book, but the Constitution is the holiest book for every Indian.
6279	Every school district is at risk with infection of COVID-19.
6280	"Every Senator now faces a choice: to be loyal to the President or the Constitution."
6281	“Every show has its own sort of like, set of themes, and ideas.”
6282	“Every single night, before I go to bed, I watch some sci-fi TV show or movie,” Boghossian says in Episode 396 of the Geek’s Guide to the Galaxy podcast.
6283	Every team knew it.
6284	Every Tesla Model 3 now comes with Autopilot, which is a sophisticated driver-assistance feature that combines adaptive cruise control that uses cameras, radar, and sensors to let the car steer, accelerate and brake automatically for short periods.
6285	Everything from this point on was built on the existing Richard persona, and that all too brief run of 50s hits.
6286	Everything had to make sense and visually match up, or at least elevate that podcast.
6287	“Everything I felt about him.
6288	Everything is possible this spring!
6289	Everything is sound.
6290	Everything people knew you for before this film was more dramatic.
6291	Everything seems to be in working order now.
6292	Everything we’ve done is aligning with our core values.
6293	"Every time someone talked to me, I would just listen and soak in as much as I could.
6294	“Every time that it’s a nice day we come out here.
6295	Every time there's a power problem therefore it references issues within those tiny societies.
6296	Every time you look at an image clicked by you, you are transported back to that location and the memories you had there.
6297	“Every time your lips touch another / I want you to feel me / I want you to feel me.”
6298	“Every weekend that I arrive we have the spotlight on us and every weekend there is an opportunity to raise awareness.
6299	Every week our schools serve 3,500 pounds of apples and fruit from orchards in Kimberly and 500 pounds of beef from ranchers in Fossil.
6300	Every year, an estimated 8 million tons of plastic is washed from the lands and is threatening to choke the seas.
6301	Every year I look at my personal past, what I’ve been through up to this point.
6302	Every year, past students come back to Israel’s desert to reconnect, guide new students, and simply dance.
6303	Every year since at least 2004, Leach has called pass plays on at least 69.5 percent of snaps.
6304	Evidence is there for all that the coronavirus is globalising because of the unfettered movement of people.
6305	Evolutions in Chinese policy have contributed to this tension.
6306	Exact details of what the season could look like are still very much up in the air, especially in the West, where day-long bus trips aren't always possible.
6307	Exactly what happens to them or what kind of trouble they get into, I never took it that far, but it definitely would have taken place in Amsterdam and it would have been Vic visiting him.”
6308	Example 2. C is claimed as a dependent on her parents’ tax return for 2018.
6309	Example: He’s going to end the White House briefings on the coronavirus, or at least stop appearing at them himself because he can’t defend his bullshit.
6310	Examples of the first sort are Alibaba and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing.
6311	Ex-Buttigieg Spox Idea to Add Joe Biden to Fornite Gets Roast: ‘Please Have Joe Biden Dab in Fortnite’
6312	Excalibur said the stakes have somehow gotten higher.
6313	Except as otherwise required by law, the Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.
6314	Except children under the age 2, all customers must keep their masks on throughout their journey.
6315	Except for those that disintegrated in midair for still to date, unknown reasons.
6316	Except new episodes haven't been available for a while now.
6317	Except there can be no happy ending.
6318	Except the story doesn't end there.
6319	Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any of the forward- looking statements that you may hear today.
6320	Excited as I was, though, I went in with my expectations at ground level.
6321	Excitement was expressed about the RCAF’s Canadian-made Argus reconnaissance aircraft, the construction of the St. Lawrence Seaway and the launching of polar icebreakers such as the Louis St. Laurent.
6322	“Exciting news keeps coming, but this really is momentous.
6323	EXCLUSIVE: Prada to Debut Full Re-Nylon Collection at Selfridges'…
6324	Excuse machines are heating up in Baltimore.
6325	Exelon’s revenue was down 4.8% compared to the same quarter last year.
6326	Ex-employee: 'Facebook has a black people problem'
6327	• Exempting health care from the GET giving people more affordable health care options.
6328	Exhausted rescue workers outside the Songzao mine near Chongqing.
6329	Existing government guidance suggests that unauthorised encampments should not be closed down, save as a last resort and where there are specific reasons for doing so.
6330	Existing outside ’s narrative—and without a synth in sight—the track provides a salve for an otherwise underwhelming effort.
6331	Exluddite: Tedlick: It's fine to wish you were here, and ask if there's anybody out there- but don't get comfortably numb, it's not time to bring the boys back home yet.
6332	Expect lots of sunshine for the rest of the day, but it’s going to be cooler with highs in the 50s.
6333	Expect mobile, alternating lane closures Sunday through Saturday from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m.
6334	Expedia is not the only travel business to raise funding at this particularly difficult time for the industry.
6335	Expenditures are being reduced in the most prudent ways possible.
6336	Expenses must have been incurred between March 1 - Nov. 15, 2020.
6337	Experience and References – Provide descriptions of projects performed by the individuals listed under Project Organization.
6338	Experts are still struggling to understand COVID-19, and the WHO said it was open to new research suggesting the virus can spread through the air farther and for longer than initially believed.
6339	Experts in the C.D.C., obviously the pandemic response team and the National Security Council.
6340	Experts on Thursday also urged caution in Tokyo where daily count has fluctuated between 100s and 200s.
6341	Experts originally said it came from a hummingbird-sized dino, 'O.
6342	Experts predict appliance backlogs will continue through 2021.
6343	Experts say, if one is unhappy with their banking services, he/she can close the bank account within 14 days of opening it and also avoid closure bank charges.
6344	Experts say states including Wisconsin should move more to mail-in balloting — but clerks say they do not have the people or money to make such a rapid shift.
6345	Experts say the true number is probably much higher, partly because sick people who are afraid to go to the hospital die at home without being tested.
6346	Explainer: How the US could block WeChat and.
6347	Explaining herself further, the ex-Double Wahala housemate noted that she is in no mood to keep useless friends in 2020.
6348	ExplainSpeaking on economy: How robust is Indiaâ€™s economic recovery?
6349	Exploring a concept that most people have not heard or imagined is nothing new to Nolan, who did that in movies like Inception and Interstellar.
6350	Exploring words like colonialism, institutional racism, and oppression while in high school helped me to understand the history that impacted my lived racialized reality.
6351	Exporters have so far been required to ensure payments are received in foreign currencies to India for goods exported within nine months from the date of export.
6352	“Express what you feel,” Johnson said, “because sometimes you can make someone’s day — or someone’s life.”
6353	Extended Stay America, Inc, together with its subsidiaries, owns, operates, and manages hotels in the United States.
6354	Extensive removal and demolition work is visible in an April 27, 2011 Google Earth image.
6355	Extraction Oil & Gas posted earnings per share of ($0.11) in the same quarter last year, which indicates a negative year-over-year growth rate of 81.8%.
6356	ExtraHop is currently ranked No. 19 on the GeekWire 200, up from No. 23 a year ago.
6357	“Extra’s” Billy Bush spoke with Dane today and asked him how the event came about.
6358	Extreme fear response.
6359	Extreme fire behavior with short and long range spotting are continuing to challenge firefighting efforts.
6360	Extremely high complexity in games can easily ostracized individuals who are unfamiliar with the presented game mechanics, even if they have interest in the title's concept.
6361	Eyeing the end of his time in office, in 2016, former enlisted his sons, Eric and Andrew, about what he might do after retiring from elected office.
6362	Eyewitness News cameras were there as people helped themselves to merchandise at the Ross discount department store on Aramingo and Castor Avenues in Port Richmond.
6363	Ezekiel Elliiot had his role in the air-attack diminished compared to what it was in 2018.
6364	Ezy Kool Nadi team that won, 4-1 against Navua at Subrail Park,Labasa, on November 26, 2020.
6365	Fabrizio Romano has claimed that Inter Milan have enquired about Ashley Young!
6366	“Facebook banned my personal account.”
6367	Facebook expected to unveil plan for mobile adsAnalysts say Facebook won't let such a big opportunity in the mobile market go untapped, especially with its plans for an initial public offering that could.
6368	Facebook in May announced to roll out Shops on its platform.
6369	Facebook REFUSES to remove fake video of Nancy Pelosi.
6370	Facebook said any videos, deepfake or not, will also be removed if they violate existing standards for nudity, graphic violence or hate speech.
6371	Facebook said it was able to improve detection of banned goods by using data such as public images of masks and hand sanitizer, along with photos that look like these products.
6372	Facebook shares were down 1.4%.
6373	Facebook takes EU to court.
6374	Facebook, Twitter take aim at Trump 'misinformation'Shares Facebook and Twitter took aim at US President Donald Trump and his campaign Wednesday over a video post in which he contended that children are "almost.
6375	Face masks would be required for staffers and are recommended for guests, who would be asked at check-in about any possible exposure to the coronavirus.
6376	Facing off against the titular antagonist of must have been enough proof that Aldis Hodge is ready to done a powerful supersuit of his own, but for heroic purposes.
6377	Facing the top-ranked team in Class A, No. 8 seed MACCRAY hung tough with Minneota.
6378	Fact is, the War on Poverty, a social bunker in the Great Society of LBJ and the post JFK Dems, has for six plus decades (a.k.a. inter generational poverty to AOC) is directly responsible for feral youth killing weak victims.
6379	Factories were allowed to reopen last month, but cinemas and other businesses that employ millions of people still are closed.
6380	Factor in his 23 bench press reps on Wednesday—tied for the fourth most by any running back at the combine—and Dillon had himself a week in Lucas Oil Stadium.
6381	Factory X’s Youssef Zalal was also just added to the card.
6382	Facts are stretched, the scholarly apparatus is weak, and the core argument is often contradicted by its own evidence.
6383	FA Cup draw with Wolves on Saturday, before being taken off in the second half after a solid performance.
6384	Fáilte Ireland’s focus is now on working with Government, industry bodies and tourism businesses on the ground to support them to survive and recover in the months ahead.
6385	Fairfield Inn & Suites at the tennis center: At 100 rooms and adjoining the Rome Tennis Center at Berry College, this $12 million project is one to watch.
6386	FairPrice imposed limits on personal protection and hygiene items three weeks ago.
6387	Fake biological attack on the world using fake tests to get Trump out.
6388	“Fake news websites and pages were also blocked.
6389	Falmouth and Penryn’s community radio station, Source FM, is looking for people interested in getting involved in live radio shows - from home.
6390	Famed action star Bruce Willis is battling one of life’s biggest challenges-the continued threat of violence.
6391	▪ Familiarity with the County of Maui.
6392	Families work alongside volunteers to build homes for other families and, when the time comes, to help build their own home.
6393	Family and friends are wishing Magalene Yarbrough a happy 90th birthday.
6394	Family and friends will gather on Monday, January 13, 2020 from 10:00 a.m. until time of service at 11:00 a.m. at Our Lady of Perpetual Help, 1600 Morris Rd SE, Washington, DC 20020.
6395	Family Child Care Program provides alternatives for child care, must comply with the restrictions shown on https://www.
6396	Family friend Mark Stephenson said: “To our knowledge he had no underlying health conditions.
6397	Family has just seven episodes to go before the Dunphy/Pritchett clan signs off for good.
6398	Family members and volunteers continue to search the area by boat and on the shores, and deputies appreciate their efforts, according to the Facebook post.
6399	Family spokesman John T. Davis says Walker died Friday of cancer after battling throat cancer and other health issues for several years.
6400	Family violence rates in Colac Otway have dropped during COVID-19, new data shows, contrasting with a state-wide increase.
6401	Family would like to thank all the staff at Pioneer Village for the care and support they gave our parents for the past 12 years.
6402	Fancy or not, the bird looked out of place in the middle of the city.
6403	Fandom is a book I have been reading for a while.
6404	Fans almost get to see her briefly in a flashback with Terrako but it is blurry and only the torso can be seen.
6405	Fans also have also shown a particular affinity for McDonald's Szechuan dipping sauce, and got outraged in 2018 when they couldn't get ahold of the "Rick and Morty"-endorsed sauce because of limited quantities at the fast-food chain.
6406	Fans are excited to see how their fight will continue.
6407	Fans have long suspected the fantasy author of being a “trans-exclusionary radical feminist,” and Rowling has proved said suspicions correct, her Twitter page suddenly exploding with “TERF” talking points.
6408	Fans know that they cannot miss a beat or else Sam is in danger.
6409	Fans laughed along as Cameron originally said he was not interested in getting a dog because it would be a deal-breaker for him.
6410	Fans were given a hefty update on the anime's upcoming season not long ago, and it seems a new report has fans eyeing more updates.
6411	Fans were tired when Lucas himself added to the films, so why would we want it from a book, series, or movie?
6412	“Fantastic opportunity, how do I describe it?” he added.
6413	Farah, declined to be interviewed by Panorama but gave an interview to The Times newspaper, in which he criticised whistle-blowers Magness (for breaking the infusion rules) and Kara Goucher (for using medication for her thyroid condition).
6414	Far from lab coat and face mask territory, a group of indigenous healers with feather and leaf headdresses has been working its way up the Amazon river, looking for medicinal plants to treat the new coronavirus.
6415	Far-left leader Jean-Luc Mélenchon condemned the video's release as "odious", while far-right leader Marine Le Pen suggested Mr Griveaux should not have quit.
6416	Farmed crocodiles can be killed for their meat and leather.
6417	Farmers are hoping against hope that the authorities will ensure at least 10 tmcft to KWD and 60 tmcft to NSPRBC this year taking into account the floods in the Krishna early, says farmer leader Ch. Ranga Rao.
6418	Farmers battling to increase the nation’s food supply amid the coronavirus pandemic are facing yet another threat – this time from iguanas attacking their crops.
6419	Farmers in the northeast can receive support up to 95 per cent of the project cost.
6420	Farmers supply fresh milk daily to VCS.
6421	Farmer would go out of his way to include you on the broadcast.
6422	Far outclassing other guns in terms of range, damage, and accessibility.
6423	Far-Right bomb maker, 25, caught with explosives and bomb-making manual in his bedsit 'is faking illness to dodge a heavier sentence'
6424	Farrugia says he knows nothing of that.
6425	Faster development time, higher quality products, better stock management, and the list goes on.
6426	Fast forward over a year to October of 2018.
6427	Fast forward to the 2020 season, and expectations — like the sport’s landscape — have changed dramatically during the COVID-19 pandemic.
6428	Father Gispert focused on living with Hinduism as a family and community in communion.
6429	Father Mike Schmitz: Lent is about transformation, but that transformation will be incomplete if we make it about ourselves.
6430	Father Sergiy charged with inciting suicidal actions through sermons urging people to ‘die for Russia’
6431	FAU will host Middle Tennessee State, Charlotte, Western Kentucky, UTEP, and FIU between Jan.
6432	Faux Bow Upshot, $22.99, is what it sounds like, a bow and arrow set made out of foam.
6433	FAZ Super Division champions Zesco United have two games in which to save their title defence after FAZ announced on Friday that the 2019/2020.
6434	FBI agents including a SWAT team served a search warrant at the home of YouTube star Jake Paul on Wednesday.
6435	FBI officials in Phoenix said Tuesday that a reward of up to $25,000 is being offered for information leading to the arrest of 54-year-old Frederick Arias.
6436	FBI warns foreign state-backed hackers are targeting US.
6437	FCA’s former labor chief, Al Iacobelli, is in prison, although the company denies that it directed any prohibited payments.
6438	FCC staff has conducted talks with organizations likely to be involved with the auction process during recent months in preparation for the rulemaking.
6439	FCT Minister, Muhammad Bello has said that victims of violent End SARS protests in the nation’s capital will be compensated.
6440	FDC has since said they will not have a coalition with People Power.
6441	Fear and insecurity have become the order of the day, yet the governor takes N700 million monthly as security vote.
6442	Fear obstructs the important work of our public health officials to protect the health and safety of British Columbians.”
6443	Fear of COVID-19 does not create the power to detain.
6444	Featured below is a video from the past and present Superstars of the WWE 205 Live brand discussing why the show is so important to them.
6445	Feb. 17 (UPI) -- Israeli lawmakers voted Monday to grant former Labor, Social Affairs and Social Services Minister Haim Katz legislative immunity from prosecution over an alleged conflict of interest for personal gain.
6446	Federal and state incentives could encourage the industry to produce more fuel than is needed.
6447	Federal health officials say they have hesitated to collaborate.
6448	Federal judge Nina Gershon said Clarke’s criminal history “was readily available to the prosecution had it made the most modest effort.”
6449	Federal prosecutors say that Hidalgo's co-defendants used a yacht named Out Hook'n to transport marijuana from Mexico into the United States.
6450	Federal prosecutors say they expect to decide within three months whether to seek the death penalty for the man accused in the brutal kidnapping and killing of Jassy Correia, the young woman taken from outside of a Boston club last year.
6451	Federal public health officials are expected to release “alarming” new COVID-19 projections Friday — modelling numbers that were presented to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Opposition party leaders in a rare joint briefing Thursday.
6452	Federal Reserve of St. Louis President James Bullard that the country’s unemployment rate could reach 30 percent in the months to come, surpassing the 1933 Great Depression rate of 25 percent.
6453	Federal Reserve promises to hold interest rates very low for a long time could pose a dilemma once the pandemic is over: how to deal with the risk of asset bubbles.
6454	Federated Hermes Inc. owned about 0.11% of Arthur J Gallagher & Co worth $16,692,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.
6455	Fedo’s book has been, for many people, the gateway into information about the murders.
6456	Feds withheld $4 million from 9/11 health program over NYC debts (
6457	Feedback on “Gardaí seize €70k worth of cannabis after stopping car being driven erratically in Tallaght”.
6458	Feedback on “'Stay vigilant, keep our social distance, and take personal responsibility for our own health': The week in quotes”.
6459	Feeling somewhat more seasoned in playoff experience, the Vancouver Canucks now face an opponent with loads of it.
6460	Feimster’s standup is personal, full of laugh-out-loud humor, a pure example of stepping into your power as you are.
6461	Fejzulai was born in the Austrian capital but his family hailed from a North Macedonian village of Cellopek before moving to Austria in 2000.
6462	Feliciano started every game for the Bills last year.
6463	Fell for the old "put your tongue on it" gag, eh?
6464	Fellow Labor Premier Daniel Andrews is also under fire for the slow crawl out of the nation's toughest lockdown measures.
6465	Fellow reality star and Perth native Nikki Gogan also left her well wishes in the comments section, writing “These photos are magical”.
6466	Fellow revellers political editor Beth Rigby and correspondent Inzamam Rashid agreed to come off air for three months.
6467	Fellow task force member Sgt. David Gordon admitted he was anxious upon first joining the effort, but has since learned to appreciate the work they are doing and its benefit to the people he serves.
6468	Female stars emerging as role models has been the “biggest change” in women’s cricket’s journey from near-anonymity to stardom, feels Mithali, who grew up idolising her male counterparts.
6469	FENG: The rhythmic thwack of Chinese hacky sack, or jianzi, is once again ubiquitous.
6470	Fernando said that his ailing father’s forewarning was not taken seriously at the time because his father was “heavily sedated under a lot of medication”.
6471	Ferran Torres is a very exciting buy, and the bids for Koulibaly and Aké are great news, too: Koulibaly is a proper old-school defender, and an exceptional one at that.
6472	Ferrari's Charles Leclerc had been an encouraging third in the morning, after his team's dismal showing in Belgium and at their home Italian Grand Prix, but was 10th in the second session.
6473	Ferrari’s Sebastian Vettel made his esports debut on Saturday in Legends Trophy races that also featured retired Formula One world champions Emerson Fittipaldi and Jenson Button.
6474	Ferrell manages to stand out as he gets himself into a variety of crazy situations, including streaking and accidentally shooting himself in the neck with a tranquilizer.
6475	Festival of Lights commences with Dhanteras on Friday.
6476	Festivities include a parade, photo booth, face painting and glimmer art, a DJ and more.
6477	Few actors, she added, “are as un-self-consciously silly as Connery is willing to be — as he enjoys being.”
6478	Few at the meeting wore masks.
6479	Fewer than 6,500 federally inspected facilities, according to the USDA; just 617 slaughtering beef, and 612 slaughtering pork.
6480	Few fans took them up on the offer, and NASCAR continued struggling to balance a new demographic of fans beyond the white and conservative Southern ones that helped NASCAR grow into a powerhouse industry in the early to mid-2000s.
6481	Few knew that by 2012, the final dance seemed imminent.
6482	Few of the articles connected the events in Albina to the uprisings taking place in other cities across the country.
6483	Few options will show up, look for the one that has an arrow facing down for its logo and has the Save Video text written underneath it.
6484	Few trucks are as mighty as the 2021 Ram 2500.
6485	Few weeks ago, the Federal Ministry of Education closed down schools nationwide due to the outbreak of coronavirus in Nigeria.
6486	Field goal from Keary hits the post!
6487	Fiers said everyone is entitled to their opinion and he wasn’t concerned.
6488	Fifth and sixth month I missed this payment … instead of informing me, they sent a letter giving me six days to pay and a credit agency would be holding this information.”
6489	Fifth-ranked Illinois faced off against No. 2 Baylor in the JImmy V Classic on Dec. 2, 2020, in Indianapolis.
6490	Fifth, we all stand for conforming to the trend of globalization.
6491	Fifty eateries in the UAE have collectively contributed over 400,000 meals to '10 million meals', the country's largest food distribution drive.
6492	Fifty-seven percent say it is “essential” for men to have a career they enjoy, and 46% say that is essential for women.
6493	Fighting the virus: A man helping his child give swab sample at a mobile testing centre in Vijayawada on July 9, 2020.
6494	Figures collected through Freedom of Information and inquiries to federal authorities indicate there were more than 1100 specimens seized at Australian borders between July 2015 and September 2019.
6495	Filed in New York, the court documents also name Weinstein's brother, Bob, and Disney as potential defendants.
6496	Filed on Tuesday, the lawsuit came after WILL demanded in December that the school district update its policies.
6497	FILE - In this April 14, 2008 file photo, the Fred Olson Cruise Liner Braemar is docked at the port in Havana, Cuba.
6498	FILE - In this April 17, 2020 file photo, the sun sets behind an array of pump jacks outside Midland, Texas.
6499	FILE - In this Aug. 20, 2020, file photo travelers request an Uber ride at Los Angeles International Airport's LAX-it pick up terminal.
6500	FILE - In this March 14, 2012, file photo, former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich speaks to the media outside his home in Chicago as his wife, Patti, wipes away tears a day before reporting to prison after his conviction on corruption charges.
6501	FILE PHOTO -- Fourteen lights shine skyward at a vigil honouring the victims of the 1989 Ecole Polytechnique attack, Thursday, December 6, 2018 in Montreal.
6502	File photo of Vice President Professor Yemi Osinbajo.
6503	FILE PHOTO: Steven T. Mnuchin, Secretary, Department of the Treasury during the Senate’s Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs hearing examining the quarterly CARES Act report to Congress, in Washington, DC, U.S., September 24, 2020.
6504	FILE – This Aug. 1, 2017, file photo, shows a call log displayed via an AT&T app on a cellphone in Orlando, Fla. Industry experts say robocalls are down — scam calls as well as nagging from your credit-card company to pay your bill.
6505	“Filipino children and their families, just like their counterparts in other parts of the world, are now bracing for a different learning experience.
6506	Filming is expected to begin in 2021 for a June 3, 2022 release date.
6507	Film producer, actor and author, Yinka Ogundaisi, is not excited about it.
6508	Finally, back in February, we invited back one of our favorite guests, the movie director Barry Sonnenfeld, to tell us about his recently published memoir.
6509	Finally, BidaskClub downgraded shares of Willis Towers Watson Public from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 28th.
6510	Finally, BidaskClub upgraded shares of Johnson Outdoors from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Friday.
6511	Finally, BMO Capital Markets upped their price target on shares of Fortuna Silver Mines from C$5.75 to C$7.50 in a research report on Friday, May 22nd.
6512	Finally, clean the bulbs themselves.
6513	Finally, COVID-19 survivors of any age may have long-term, irreversible lung damage.
6514	Finally, Credit Suisse Group reduced their price objective on AT&T from $36.00 to $33.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 13th.
6515	Finally, Dimple made a brave attempt at saving Mob by infiltrating Minori's body.
6516	Finally, Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. increased its position in CyrusOne by 2.1% during the 4th quarter.
6517	Finally hit the submit button.
6518	Finally, IFP Advisors Inc grew its position in Simon Property Group by 68.5% in the 2nd quarter.
6519	Finally, in August, eight months after Rhodes spoke out publicly, Engineers Without Borders released a lengthy public statement in response.
6520	Finally, in January of this year, he moved into the dorms of California State University, East Bay in Hayward.
6521	Finally, I would also say that we have for sure we want our companies to be cost efficient in the supply chains.
6522	Finally, Julio Urias snagged the win with three hitless innings to end the game.
6523	Finally, KeyCorp lifted their price target on Becton Dickinson and from $284.00 to $298.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 22nd.
6524	Finally, LASD Harbor Patrol brought in a boat, at which point the paddleboarder voluntarily swam in and was taken into custody.
6525	Finally, Litman Gregory Asset Management LLC increased its holdings in shares of AT&T by 844.0% during the second quarter.
6526	Finally, Peel Hunt reissued a hold rating and set a GBX 28 ($0.37) price target on shares of Capital & Regional in a research note on Wednesday, January 15th.
6527	Finally, Quest Capital Management Inc. ADV boosted its position in Intercontinental Exchange by 8.5% during the 3rd quarter.
6528	Finally, Raymond James reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 price objective on shares of BOX in a report on Wednesday, November 27th.
6529	Finally ready to say goodbye to the on/off button, Eric arrives at the LA clinic to have it examined, diagnosed and removed.
6530	• Finally, remember that while wearing a mask correctly can help to prevent the spread of coronavirus, it’s not a fail-safe.
6531	Finally some accountability 10 months after the death of https://t.
6532	Finally, State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its stake in shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill by 0.4% during the 4th quarter.
6533	Finally, State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of General Electric by 1.2% during the 4th quarter.
6534	Finally, Stifel Nicolaus upgraded shares of Chemtrade Logistics Income Fund from a reduce rating to a hold rating in a report on Thursday, May 14th.
6535	Finally, Sugarloaf Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in Conagra Brands during the 4th quarter worth approximately $39,000.
6536	Finally, the Copenhagen narrative was effectively used by experienced activists to bring newcomers up to speed about the movement’s history and the need for strategic change.
6537	“Finally, this and other recent actions by the Administration have been taken without a Congressionally-approved Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF).”
6538	Finally, Wedbush upped their target price on shares of Amazon.com from $3,500.00 to $3,700.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, July 31st.
6539	Finally, we limited the search to just those whose stock prices were less than $5.
6540	Finally, we’re planning articles about the proposed road and public safety bonds.
6541	Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Prudential Financial from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $67.00 price target for the company in a research note on Wednesday, October 28th.
6542	Final results from Sunday's ballot show the anti-immigration initiative was rejected by 61.7% of voters in line with recommendations by the government, parliament, the business community, trade unions and many civil society groups.
6543	Final thoughts and more!
6544	Finance Minister Grant Robertson delivers his third Budget today.
6545	Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had last month said that the government will bear the 24 per cent contribution of both employee and employer combined to the EPF for the coming three months is welcoming for small businesses.
6546	Finance to earn $1.45 per share next year, which means the company should continue to be able to cover its $1.40 annual dividend with an expected future payout ratio of 96.6%.
6547	Financial terms of the deal, which was first revealed in November and funded with existing resources, were not disclosed.
6548	Financing has dried up for the new industry, and small-scale retail investors – often young professionals investing via smartphone apps – have lost large sums of money.
6549	Financing is the largest obstacle, program proponents say.
6550	Fincher’s use of creeping, slow pan shots and Steadicam gives a cold, clinical feel to his work and “Mindhunter” is no exception.
6551	Find a community on our message boards.
6552	Find a quiet, cool and dry place, away from direct sunlight, similar to where your store your medicines, but not the refrigerator.
6553	Find a spot on the grass.
6554	Find a three syllable name, and you won’t have to much alter the fight song — a song that deserves to be sung with a name worthy of the civic pride it espouses.
6555	Finding him in distress, a few Delhi Police officers helped him reach the government school-cum-shelter in west Delhi’s Tihar village.
6556	Finding the question funny, he replies, “Yes it happens, but as for me,”…… he pauses and chuckles, “I’m a very principled person o, you are not likely to see me as a friendly person if you are meeting me for the first time.
6557	Find out how participating as both as an individual and as part of a larger team can help build physical strength and self-confidence while providing opportunities to challenge your body and mind.
6558	Find out more at royhuff.net. The Cosmic Companion’s mailing list/podcast.
6559	Find out what's in for Adesewa on Episode 5 "The Gift" of 'Witches'
6560	Find practical ideas, encouragement and connections with like-minded people.
6561	Find yourself spending all day in your pyjamas or remembering at 3pm that you haven’t brushed your teeth because you knew you wouldn’t be seeing anyone?
6562	Fines for those violations range from almost $700 for individuals to up to $10,000 for businesses.
6563	Fines will now take effect, as the Cabinet has cancelled the previous resolution that suspended penalties on violations related to residency.
6564	Fine, the writer's imagination should have stopped here.
6565	Fintech and mobile payments are likely to become more popular, spurred by stay-at-home orders and debates over the risk of infection due to the handling of cash.
6566	Fiona's indiscretions don't end there-- she also sleeps with her boss-turned-boyfriend's druggie brother, impulsively gets married (and divorced), and leaves her siblings high and dry on multiple occasions.
6567	Fiorito covered the 26.22 miles in 2:48:28.
6568	Fire appliances from Alexandra and Clyde attended alongside a rural tanker from Dunstan.
6569	“Fire deaths are down.
6570	Firefighters deployed a boat and also used a drone with a camera and thermal imaging technology to look for him, but weren’t able to find him on Friday evening.
6571	Firefighters from Cranbourne and Langwarrin were called to Cranbourne-Frankston Road just before 11.30am on Tuesday 12 May.
6572	Firefighters showing up now.
6573	Firefighters tackle the blaze at SkyCity last October.
6574	Firefighters were quickly able to contain a small brush fire that broke out Thursday afternoon on the Pechanga Indian Reservation.
6575	Firefighters were winched from helicopters to reach the cluster of fewer than 200 Wollemi pines in a remote gorge in the Blue Mountains a week before a massive wildlife bore down, National Parks and Wildlife Service Director David Crust said.
6576	Firefighters with specialized training lit backfires, bulldozers cut fire lines and the Sacramento Metro Fire Dept. aided with airdrops.
6577	Firefox's PDF viewer now supports AcroForm, aka the Acrobat Forms technology for completing PDF-based forms at the keyboard (as opposed to printing, filling the form by hand, then scanning to send via, for instance, email) by filling out pre-set fields.
6578	Fire Weather Program Manager for the National Weather Service office in Aberdeen Travis Tarver says to awkwardly shaped zones will become county-based.
6579	Firing yet another salvo in its fight to recapture its former market position, Vodafone Idea has now slashed the price of on-demand data by 30% to Rs 3.5 per GB under a new plan.
6580	Firmer China Development Bank chairman Hu Huaibang has been arrested for suspected serious violations of discipline, state broadcaster CCTV reported on Thursday.
6581	First Allied Advisory Services Inc. grew its holdings in shares of CenterPoint Energy by 4.0% during the first quarter.
6582	First and foremost, Qatar paid for its publication.
6583	“First and foremost, we hope you and your family are remaining healthy and safe during these unprecedented times,” guild leaders said in a message posted on the website.
6584	First and most important is motivation.
6585	First daughter Ivanka Trump's now shuttered namesake brand faced boycotts and was dropped by some major retailers once she took on her senior advisor role at the White House.
6586	First, economists hope that just as the coronavirus caused the economy to decelerate sharply, the end of the crisis will allow for a speedy resumption of growth.
6587	First Friday hours from 6 to 10 p.m. also include aural photographs interpreted by Cosmic Hour.
6588	First is the well-meaning nature of many of those in this subculture; people who are building out of hope for renewal, perhaps more than out of fear or dread.
6589	First, it gives a brief introduction to Diana’s origins for those who maybe haven’t seen the first movie yet and are catching it by happenstance with their family or on a plane.
6590	Firstly, firms can invest in building ‘multi-source’ supply chain networks.
6591	Firstly, from a technical perspective, gold is knocking on the door of something big potentially.
6592	Firstly, its lenders have agreed to call off a covenant test scheduled for June, and have increased its leverage covenant for the December exam (to 9 times net-debt-to-EBITDA).
6593	Firstly, these are the first mass protests in Bulgaria which are not anti-communist.
6594	Firstly, the user needs to have physical access to the Mac in question, as the exploitation of the vulnerability requires that the hacker run a tool on a different device and connect to the Mac via USB.
6595	Firstly, they have managed the supply of building land and the demand for houses to maintain house prices and profits.
6596	Firstly, to make the ice cream base, mix the pumpkin puree with the cinnamon and allspice.
6597	First 'Murder Hornet' Nest in US Had 200 QueensThe first nest of "murder hornets" discovered in the United States, which was destroyed last month, contained about 200 queens that were capable of producing.
6598	First of all, any sort of worthwhile tracking requires the buy-in of a large proportion of the population.
6599	“First of all, I didn’t describe transgender women that way,” Carson said during the hearing.
6600	“First Officer Paul Hudson was a hero who represented Arizona’s very best,” said Ducey.
6601	“First on our inability to pay and secondly because it does not make any scientific sense for our continued stay at the centre,” Simon Mugambi, one of the would-be escapees, said.
6602	First, right off the bat, it should be emphasized how to date, in the context of the Taliban’s political approach, the group has negotiated with various countries, including Russia, China, Saudi Arabia, Iran and the United States.
6603	First State Brew Tours has suspended public tour operations until further notice.
6604	First team to score wins.
6605	First, the donated fabric from Joanne Fabrics and local community members gets sent to Hospital Central Services Cooperative, Inc., HCSC, which is one of the largest not-for-profit cooperative healthcare linen rental providers in North America.
6606	First, there are the narrow streams of electrons in brief flares lasting from tens of minutes to several hours.
6607	First, there’s the very obvious point that “police states” and dictatorships are not “failed states”.
6608	First, these projects inevitably run on private blockchains that provide no traceability to outside countries the way a bitcoin network does.
6609	First, they have a better understanding of local communities and, in times of crisis, they have immediate access on the ground.
6610	First time director.
6611	First time I saw that site years ago, I laughed so hard I actually had tears.
6612	First Trust Advisors LP now owns 37,602 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $2,434,000 after acquiring an additional 5,501 shares in the last quarter.
6613	First we come up with the acronym, then we try to find the words that fit.”
6614	FIRS would also ensure full recovery of any kobo not accounted for in that account in line with President Muhammadu Buhari’s charge to the Inter-ministerial committee on the recovery of stamp duties from 2016 till date.”
6615	Fiscal 2018 results included $15.9 million in net charges, principally related to the Toys “R” Us bankruptcy and the Company’s business model change in China.
6616	Fisher is considered to be a genius who almost single-handedly created the foundations for modern statistical sciece and is regarded as the single most important figure in 20th century statistics.
6617	“Fish find the reef balls attractive compared to the bare sand: the holes provide protection for fish and help with water flowing around the reefs,” Prof Suthers said.
6618	Fish fry sponsored by Hackensack Fire and Rescue at the fire hall.
6619	Fishing for steelhead trout along the Puyallup River has been a time-honored tradition.
6620	Fishrot accused Tamson ‘Fitty’ Hatuikulipi has offered unbonded properties valued at N$16 million as security to be released on bail.
6621	Fitch Ratings on Tuesday said India’s sovereign rating could come under pressure if there is further deterioration in fiscal outlook as a result of lower growth or fiscal easing.
6622	Fitted without feeling so, these Under Armour best of both shorts have built-in compression for an impressive coverage while also being quick drying and sweat-wicking.
6623	Fitzpatrick has been benched before, but said this one hit different because of how invested he was in the Dolphins and “felt it ” as a result.
6624	Fitzpatrick’s record on abortion is also why a super PAC attached to Planned Parenthood has spent roughly $2 million dollars against him.
6625	Five automated cameras were activated last July, the province said, and the program has issued more than 20,000 speeding tickets.
6626	Five days later, 302 Americans left Nepal for Washington.
6627	Five, if Dundee United striker Lawrence Shankland is caled up from the Championship club.
6628	Five new patients had been identified within the past 24 hours, four from Puttalam District and the other from Kalutara District.
6629	"Five of the farmers were beheaded, and one of them, a 45 years old man was shot from the back while he was trying to escape."
6630	Five of the seven Hale Nani residents have been hospitalized to date, according to Hale Nani administrators.
6631	Five other charges were dismissed as part of the plea agreement.
6632	Five people were sentenced to execution following the trial.
6633	Five players scored in double figures for the Spartans, including Basallo with 19 points.
6634	Five prisons reported more than 100 additional cases in a single week.
6635	Five Stars Shipping Co Pvt Ltd & Mr. & Mrs. D.P. Adenwalla.
6636	Five-year T-note yields declined two bps to 0.28% (down 141bps).
6637	Fivio is using his money and fame for some good at least.
6638	Fixing it will cost billions.
6639	Fix our scrums, lineouts and set pieces.
6640	FJA’s small senior class agreed they wanted to wait until they could meet in person to celebrate graduation and prom, even if that means holding the events late this summer or next fall.
6641	Fk you and fk him.
6642	Flags representing the Tigray region of Ethiopia lining a wall in the Tigrayan city of Mekele.
6643	Flames coach Meck Mwase says it will be practically impossible for players to gain match fitness within three weeks ahead of the Cosafa Challenge Cup.
6644	Flash floods are distinguished from regular floods by a timescale of less than six hours.
6645	Flash was an intelligent man with a military background while the symbiote was arguably in its calmest and most reasonable state when he wore it.
6646	Fleck fears that complexities in DNR's plan, like specialty habitat areas and phasing habitat in and out over time, could cause disproportionate short-term effects in certain local taxing districts where mature forest is kept off limits to logging.
6647	Fleming also lauded Gaikwad’s timing and described him as a very fluent player.
6648	Flight attendants will bear the heaviest cuts, with 8,100 losing their jobs.
6649	Flight of a lifetime: Chief of cabin crew of.
6650	FLIP or Flop’s Christina Anstead showed off her incredibly figure in a sexy bikini as she celebrated her 37th birthday.
6651	Floating the bait is a winner he swears.
6652	Florence Masebe is concerned that government's Covid-19 WhatApp service has included a limited number of languages to help South Africans during the pandemic.
6653	Florence Pugh brings childish turned refined Amy to life in the way other adaptations have neglected to do, portraying her ambition as well as her elegance and finally does justice to perhaps the most misunderstood character of her time.
6654	Florida outperforms New York and California in fourth- and eighth-grade reading.
6655	Florida's annual Python Challenge got underway Friday.
6656	Florida sets death toll record, while trailer truck outside funeral home raises -19 fears https://t.
6657	Florigrown, a Tampa-based firm that has unsuccessfully sought a medical-marijuana license, has challenged the law.
6658	Floyd, 46, died after being arrested by police outside a shop in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
6659	Fluffy little written emails are not enough,” one source said.
6660	Flu season is coming soon, and Somerville-Cambridge Elder Services (SCES) is urging older adults to get vaccinated before the end of October.
6661	Flybe, which carries eight million passengers each year and serves 25 UK airports, averted immediate collapse by securing additional funding from its owners last week.
6662	Flying can increase your risk of exposure to infection, but airlines are taking some precautions and you can too.
6663	Flynn is a hugely important figure to them, seen as a warrior who infiltrated the deep state by pretending to plead guilty,” Rothschild said.
6664	FM is not ready to speak about job creation.
6665	FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of Roku by 8.4% in the 2nd quarter.
6666	Foam is important, so pay the right kind of attention to it.
6667	Focuses its charitable efforts on preserving and strengthening community character, ecology and cultural heritage.
6668	Focusing exclusively on horror, along with some suspense thrillers and some comedies, and with an affordable price tag, the service is carefully curated so that virtually all its titles are worth considering (there’s very little filler).
6669	Focusing on events that took place 97 years before the original series, the prequel will begin with the nuclear apocalypse that wiped out almost all life on Earth.
6670	Focus on the opportunity.
6671	Focus will be on providing e-governance and e-passes.
6672	Fog spreading across Edmonton from frigid temperatures.
6673	Folate is a generic name for a group of related compounds with similar nutritional properties.
6674	“Folks are not adhering to the precautions like keeping 6 feet apart.”
6675	Folks normally vote in the morning and evening – mostly the latter – so just think of what happens when, let’s say 3000 persons, show up at one of the Polling Places, say, the primary school after getting off from work?
6676	“Folks with no place to call home have found a warm place on our transit system,” she said.
6677	Follow all of AP’s coronavirus coverage at https://apnews.
6678	Follow all the latest coronavirus in sport updates below.
6679	FOLLOW all the latest from the FA Cup clash here!
6680	Follow him on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/geoffmulvihill.
6681	Following a bye week last week, the team’s second game is this weekend.
6682	Following a surge in COVID-19 cases, Indonesia declared state of emergency on 31 March 2020.
6683	Following Biden all over the country and the world since 2007, even though you may never have noticed, Memoli has been right at the center of the action and in the room where it happens, either backstage or just out of frame.
6684	Following COVID-19 threat, the state government had recently decided to keep all the arrested accused sent to judicial custody initially at a temporary jail for a few days and before shifting them to the district jail.
6685	Following her death many female students left their courses and went home.
6686	Following inputs, police have been tracking the gang for some time and when they arrived at a fuel station in Nandigama to install the ICs, they were caught red-handed, said the commissioner.
6687	Following launch, the site will quickly expand to include analyses of countries around the world.
6688	Following on-set broadside over COVID-19 rule breaking, Tom Cruise back at work on 'Mission: Impossible 7'
6689	Following PepsiCo's move, the makers of Uncle Ben's rice, owned by Mars Inc; Mrs. Butterworth's syrup, owned by ConAgra Brands Inc and Cream of Wheat porridge, owned by B&G Foods Inc, also said they would review their packaging.
6690	Following that meeting, at 6:15, the high school would like junior parents to attend a “what’s next” meeting.
6691	Following the arrest of one Momin Peer, his father-in-law Iftikhar Geelani aka Andrabi and brother Peer Islam-ul-Haq, the BCCB branch manager Wani had gone into hiding.
6692	Following the article’s publication, a number of bereaved families launched a petition demanding the Defense Ministry take back its gifts.
6693	Following the ceremony, emerged that Nicki Minaj allegedly did not make Petty sign a prenup.
6694	Following the completion of the acquisition, the chief accounting officer now owns 55,137 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $603,750.15.
6695	Following the cut, the public sector bank’s benchmark one year MCLR is now at 8.25 per cent (down from 8.40 per cent).
6696	Following the declaration, Mr Tedros said: “We must remember that these are people, not numbers.
6697	Following the discovery and prompting of a security researcher at Awake Security, Google says it has removed 106 malicious Chrome extensions that had 32 million downloads, and which were gathering browsing history and sensitive credentials from users.
6698	Following the filing of the definitive proxy statement with the SEC, Key will mail the definitive proxy statement and a proxy card to each stockholder entitled to vote at the special meeting of stockholders relating to the amendment.
6699	Following the incident, Salminao filed a police report but nothing transpired, until months later, when Hernandez was the subject of two viral videos in which she was caught spewing anti-Asian sentiments.
6700	Following the incident, Zobayan was counseled by an FAA investigator and “admitted his error, took responsibility for his action, and was willing to take any other necessary steps toward compliance,” the report noted.
6701	Following the inquest, medical law expert Rebecca Brunton from Simpson Millar, spoke on behalf of Leon's family.
6702	Following their plea of not guilty, prosecution counsel, Mr. Bala Sanga, prayed the court to order the remand of the defendants in a correctional centre pending the commencement of trial.
6703	Following the meeting that took place at the Raj Bhavan, Kangana told reporters, “I met the governor.
6704	Following the news of the breakup, fans of the couple took to social media to voice their opinions.
6705	Following the news, RPF Secretary-General, Francois Ngarambe and Rwanda's Ambassador to the US, Mathilde Mukantabana are among several officials who have paid tribute to late Karegesa.
6706	Following the recent declaration, Anangsha shared a few words with her beloved fans and followers, “It has surely been a journey full of crest and trough but I’m humbled with all the love and admiration you all have showered me with through the years”
6707	Following the reduction, officials from various departments were able to concentrate on their routine works thereby giving fillip for development.
6708	Following the Roosevelt School’s demolition in 2019, the bronze plaque from inside the building was donated to the historical society and is now on display in the museum.
6709	Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 93,105 shares in the company, valued at $210,091,432.50.
6710	Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 39,485 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,658,510.60.
6711	Following the sale, the insider now owns 141,863 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,755,381.91.
6712	Following the second visit, the groom’s family can now proceed with the bride price negotiation and payment known traditionally as “Ime ego”.
6713	Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 31,779 shares in the company, valued at $4,946,719.14.
6714	Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 146,105 shares in the company, valued at approximately $49,409,788.90.
6715	Following the trend of most polls this cycle in the state, most support Biden on handling the coronavirus pandemic, while Trump has the advantage on managing the economy.
6716	Following this, over 150 cyclists took to the trail for the first time.
6717	Following this response, the Rebbe was detained and questioned by the authorities in Heathrow for a number of hours.
6718	Following Trump’s victory, Republican and current Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell extended the nuclear option to SCOTUS justices, paving the way for the appointment of Gorsuch by a 54-45 margin.
6719	Follow the highway through the quaint town of Milton to a lunch stop in the fishing town of Ulladulla.
6720	Follow these tips from the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA) to make sure you get the help you need.
6721	Fontana artist sees his work as a means of…
6722	Foodpanda Thailand CEO Alexander Felde said it was rolling out a package worth 35 million baht to support riders and restaurants.
6723	Foo Fighters have now rescheduled the tour for this October.
6724	Footage showed a river of water coursing down the street outside the station around 5am.
6725	Footage shows the moment police located a bowl of dozens of rolled-up marijuana joints, a noticeboard boasting about having “weed butter”, a hollow fire hydrant, several clip-seal bags and glass pipes.
6726	Football fans in Germany are expecting to see some action soon.
6727	Football is the nation's most popular sport.
6728	Football Outsiders took the draft grades from 17 different outlets and put them together to give each team a GPA on the classic school-style “A” to “F” scale.
6729	Foot traffic has dwindled in Midtown Manhattan and other commercial centers.
6730	For 25 years, he has been stepping up to the microphone on stages all over America and the world, averaging 150 performances yearly.
6731	“For 25 years, HOPE has targeted its financial services to meet the needs of those who lack full access to a banking relationship,” said Kendra Key, HOPE senior vice president.
6732	“For 52 years, our goal has been to treat our employees like family and our customers like friends.
6733	For a bank holiday Monday this means you will be paid on the previous Friday.
6734	For a gym session you might prefer to put on some sports trackies or something more budget.
6735	For Alina, languishing at a Mexican artist’s residency while her lover, a famous painter, fools around with his assistant, a crow kentuki provides the mute attention she craves — and, later, an object on which to enact her growing feelings of anger.
6736	“For all experiences like this, it is trying to get back to normal and that’s why we are delighted that the children will be back to school on Thursday.
6737	For all the reasons to bring back Alex Cora as the next Red Sox manager, there’s one that stands out above the rest.
6738	For a long time, we have not had cases of gangs terrorising residents.
6739	For a lot of people, the Kamala Harris pick struck a very personal chord.
6740	For a moment it also looked as if the statue of Baden-Powell was under threat, when the council, hearing that a list of targeted monuments had been made public, decided to remove it for a while for safe keeping.
6741	For a moment we stood there and stared at one another.
6742	For a more comprehensive list of Bay Area animal shelters (temporary or otherwise) operating during the wildfires, as well to find other pet-related resources that pertain to these disasters, visit redrover.
6743	For another show with an antihero lead, try „Breaking Bad.“
6744	Foran's childhood friend Mitchell Pearce wanted him to join Newcastle, but the Knights had no room in their salary cap.
6745	For a number of years now the.
6746	For any jump scare or a tense revelation, it has to build up with a creative story, a relevant theme and an intriguing premise to make a momentous payoff.
6747	“For a prosecutor, this is Christmas morning — the morning of jury selection to have him smeared everywhere,” said one of his lawyers, Arthur Aidala, who asked for the delay in jury selection.
6748	For a sensible perspective from that time, see Fight the hysteria about the hack of OPM’s files.
6749	For a short time she worked as a lingerie designer for Marks & Spencer.
6750	For a strong recovery to take hold, households need to return to their normal behaviour as quick as possible.
6751	For a world that was wiped away without the fanfare of Crisis on Infinite Earths, this effectively serves as one final crisis that DC's heroes just couldn't overcome.
6752	For base resistances, she has bonuses to crushing, slashing, and lightning; she is weak to piercing.
6753	For Becca, the entire point of the comics was to make fellow parents laugh through the difficult moments.
6754	For boys, the figures were slightly different: 8% reported suffering sexual violence and 38% physical.
6755	For Cave, acts of theft are absolved or justified only if the stolen thing is advanced in some way and made yet more covetable.
6756	For CBD users out there, this debate has been going on for quite some time.
6757	For Cluzel, “promotion of transparent masks will enhance production, bringing down the costs of making them and hence prices”.
6758	For consistency sake and contrary to Mallon, Yugoslavia should’ve formally participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
6759	For customers who are still using any of the BlackBerry KEY devices, the support will continue till August 31, 2022, which is another two years.
6760	For Dana Elliott the whole experience has been an eye opener.
6761	For decades, the whole nation used to sit and watch Hum Paanch on their television screens.
6762	Fordham University – a private educational institution that is not bound by the First Amendment – nonetheless professes its commitment to free speech and expressive rights.
6763	Ford’s communications manager says production in Dearborn will resume Thursday night.
6764	For each mask sold, $1 will be donated to the Sons of Norway in Fargo.
6765	Foreign Affairs Minister Vivian Balakrishnan informed Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi of the contribution during a phone call on Friday (Oct 2), the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) said in a press statement.
6766	Foreign currency translation reduced sales by 1.3%.
6767	Foreign jockeys didn’t used to look forward to coming to ride in Ireland because they knew what was in store.
6768	Foreign portfolio investors purchased equities worth Rs 1,724.71 crore in the capital market Friday, provisional exchange data showed.
6769	Foreign workers in Saudi Arabia currently must be tied to a sponsor whose permission they need to change jobs, open a bank account or even to leave the country on vacation.
6770	Forest and police teams recovered a chinkara carcass near Bhundel village in Nagaur district late on Sunday night.
6771	"For every person that we interact with, we're exposed to the people that they've interacted with.
6772	For every single tie, she lets you know simple tips to tie it, areas to consider, and variants for various purposes.
6773	For example, ensifentrine (RPL554) is a phosphodiesterase 3 and 4 (PDE3/PDE4) enzyme inhibitor under clinical development for the treatment of COPD, asthma and cystic fibrosis; it produces both bronchodilation and anti-inflammatory effects.
6774	For example, fabled descriptions of the conversion to Islam of the Jewish sage Kab al-Ahbar in 638 say that at least ten specific verses in the Koran were to be found in “the true Torah.”
6775	For example, groups playing have been limited to two people and clubs must now have a booking system so people can’t simply roll up to play.
6776	For example, in Zombicide: Invader, I scanned the character and inventory cards, so anyone could reference them easily by mousing over them and pressing the space bar.
6777	“For example, it is collected through electricity bills in Italy and the equivalent of council tax bills in France.
6778	For example, last week I expressed my dismay at the “Peacock vs black-maned lion” brouhaha as unnecessary topic though personally I don’t like the birdy thing which doesn’t exist in Ethiopia and is alien to people’s psyche.
6779	For example, plans are in place to open eight resource centers at the rural councils, educational institutions, and cultural facilities on a competitive basis.
6780	For example, refinancing them with a private lender allows you to get potentially more competitive rates.
6781	For example, regional risk maps could help to identify areas with the highest exposure and vulnerability.
6782	For example, the Arab Film Festival in Tübingen attracts thousands of German viewers every year.
6783	For example, they restricted hours for bars and restaurants, which will have a very small effect.
6784	For example, when I did my first final roster projection, Trevor Siemian was still a free agent, and Cole McDonald was still vying for the backup QB spot.
6785	For example, when the first case was identified on Sunday, Oct. 25 there was only one known case.
6786	For example, while those living in England are permitted to travel abroad, those in certain parts of Scotland and the whole of Wales are not.
6787	For experienced investors following the Do It Yourself (DIY) strategy, choosing an appropriate platform to invest is essential and can help in eliminating administrative hassles.
6788	For Facebook, cloud gaming is both a short- and long-term play.
6789	For five weeks, the men trekked 300 miles without suitable clothing or firearms.
6790	For food businesses, the focus should be on protecting food workers, consumers and restaurant patrons from becoming infected by person-to-person SARS-CoV-2 spread, added the ICMSF.
6791	For Fox Lane Middle School, the last date of exposure was October 6th.
6792	For Foxx, that means he’s been hitting the gym pretty hard in order to develop those bulging upper body muscles.
6793	For further information on this filing, please follow to the fact sheet section of our investor website.
6794	Forged Denim Pants feature the world’s best climbing denim.
6795	“Forge is like the second phase of Design Club,” Man said.
6796	For general and regional, there is no such arrangement.”
6797	Forget the nuances of where Democratic presidential nominees fall on massive issues like health care, global climate change or foreign affairs.
6798	For Google Play, India and Brazil were the largest markets.
6799	For Grande, her albums have always functioned as distinct chapters in her life.
6800	For Guests who are interested in modifying their existing travel dates or making a new reservation for a future vacation, reservations are currently available for travel dates July 1, 2020 and later.
6801	For Halsey fans who have been hitting repeat on “You Should Be Sad” or “Finally // Beautiful Stranger” from her third studio album “Manic” that was released a little over a week ago, her performances on SNL are a must-see.
6802	For her efforts, she was awarded player of the game.
6803	For him, one positive thing to come out of the is that it has shown how proactive government measures can protect the public from avoidable hazards.
6804	For his part, Liberia's Acting Justice Minister Cllr.
6805	For his part, Max Lord is an oil baron manque.
6806	For his part, Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez said he supports the Gallup lockdown.
6807	For implementation of ongoing health and food safety measures, FTI has sourced a variety of products, including disposable and fabric face masks, face shields, goggles, hand sanitizers and thermometers to meet these needs.
6808	For Indigenous peoples, this is old news—literally “been there, done that.”
6809	For information about these classes, go to byronschoolofart.com or call 0487 362 141.
6810	For instance, his proposed “wealth tax” on large fortunes is designed to raise more than $4 trillion over the next decade, about twice as much as Warren expects her comparable plan to collect.
6811	For instance, if we see a new animal for the first time, we can quickly identify some of the body parts found in most animals such as nose, ears, tail, legs…
6812	For instance, in a spy movie, there are only so many stories you can tell.
6813	For instance, most of the research on the economics of crime focuses on how higher opportunity costs lowers crime rates.
6814	For instance, she does not support defunding the police, nor does she think all public higher education should be free.
6815	For instance, the SeeClickFix app allows residents in Chicago to photograph and upload the location of a pothole, graffiti, or an abandoned car to the municipality website.
6816	For instance, when I visited the great Cordoba mosque built in Southern Spain in 786 AD and which was converted in 1236 into a live Church.
6817	“For inter state travel, free movement of people and goods across state borders continue but only outside the curfew hours.
6818	For its part, China has begun to go on the offensive against international criticism concerning the coronavirus.
6819	For its storage purposes, the government suggested paper bag or in a clean area to avoid any recontamination.
6820	“For Joe Biden clearly this was a victory that he desperately needed today in South Carolina.”
6821	For July through September, Netflix forecast it would add 2.5 million new paid streaming customers around the world.
6822	For KCCA it was more than the two dropped points, they also lost their men Ramathan Musa, who was red carded on 44 minutes, and goalkeeper Charles Lukwago, who broke his arm.
6823	For local officials tasked with managing votes, the pandemic had already created new stress points.
6824	Formal production is scheduled for 2021 as a key step toward fielding of a new generation of nuclear-armed submarines to serve all the way into and beyond the 2080s.
6825	For many immigrant women it enabled them to better manage their childcare needs to access services.
6826	For many single mums, especially those that are essential workers, it can be so difficult to find or afford the right childminder while maintaining the important protocols to keep your family safe.
6827	For many, the pandemic’s second wave is more difficult, psychologically, than the first.
6828	Formed in 2012, the chamber has a mission to promote economic growth, improve the community it serves and cultivate balance for the best quality of life experience for residents and businesses alike.
6829	For Mefford, his 40 points on 65 percent shooting balanced near even through both halves, scoring 17 points in the first half and 23 points in the second half including 13 points in the fourth quarter.
6830	For me, food is always about love.
6831	For me having an assistant is just one more person to think about.
6832	For me, it is gone.
6833	“For me it’s great to compete in front of an audience.
6834	For me, it was a hoo-hum Friday on the campus of South Dakota State University.
6835	Former agriculture minister and kisan cell chief Anil Bonde said, “Although the state government has announced a Rs 10,000-crore package, the actual component for farmers is only Rs 5,500 crore.
6836	Former Asante Kotoko coach Charles Akonnor has been invited by the Professor Lydia Nkansah investigative committee, according to reports in Kumasi.
6837	Former Australian Test star David Boon, who is part of the ICC elite panel of match referees, imposed the sanction.
6838	Former Azeri President Heydar Aliyev once described the two as "one nation with two states".
6839	Former Detective Superintendent John Bennett who led the police case, told my Mail+ True Crime podcasts he believes Rose will never admit her guilt and will take her secrets to the grave.
6840	Former Fishcor chairperson James Hatuikulipi and suspended CEO Mike Nghipunya are among a number of officials implicated in the massive Fishrot corruption scandal.
6841	Former governments have recently been quite eager to reduce the stake to below 50%, which the company itself is in favour of.
6842	Former Gov. Paul LePage's refusal to implement the requirement ultimately cost the state $800,000 in federal grants.
6843	Former Housing and Urban Development Secretary and Democratic presidential candidate Julian Castro listens to a question at the J Street National Conference, with the hosts of "Pod Save the World," Oct. 28, 2019, in Washington.
6844	Former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro joined the call this cycle, saying Iowa and New Hampshire were not representative enough to serve as bellwethers of the modern Democratic Party.
6845	Former investor and fake billionaire (he claimed he was and Forbes proved he wasn't one) Secretary of Commerce has the nickname King of Bankruptcy, having presided over eight of the biggest bankruptcies to date, as of 1998.
6846	Former Labor premier John Cain was renowned for celebrating Victoria's economic health by inviting doubters to "count the cranes on the horizon".
6847	Former Labour Cabinet Minister Peter Mandelson is named by the book's authors as a 'friend' of China's International Liaison Department, which befriends foreign groups and individuals for use as lobbyists for China.
6848	Former Labour minister John Spellar told the Standard he would vote against, saying: “I and a number of my colleagues believe that Matt Hancock and his crew have not got a clue.
6849	Former members of the Booker campaign underscored just how much of a financial burden the individual donor threshold had placed on campaigns over the summer.
6850	Former NAACP President and five-term Congressman Kweisi Mfume won big in a Democratic primary contest to replace the late Congressman Elijah Cummings who passed away on October 17, 2019 at the age of 68.
6851	Former players and coaches described his impact on the game of basketball and sports integration in Alabama.
6852	Former President Barack Obama, who hosted Bryant and the Lakers at the White House following their 2010 championship, wrote: “Kobe was a legend on the court and just getting started in what would have been just as meaningful a second act.
6853	Former President Nicolas Sarkozy - Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy is set to stand trial on corruption charges in a case in which he is accused of trying to obtain classified information from a judge.
6854	Former Prime Minister of Barbados Owen Arthur has died at the age of 70.
6855	Former Toronto Blue Jays shortstop Tony Fernandez is dead at the age of 57.
6856	Former tourism minister reported last year, had previously attempted to dump Chipchase but was apparently talked out of it after ex-premier to keep her in the job.
6857	Former U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch recounted how threatened she felt to learn that Trump had promised Zelenskiy that she was "going to go through some things."
6858	Former U.S. President Barack Obama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 only months into his first term, a move many felt was premature.
6859	Former Vermont governor Howard Dean, who rode antiwar sentiment to a strong showing early in the 2004 Democratic presidential primaries, said that Sanders could benefit from a renewed interest in Iraq but that such an upswing was far from certain.
6860	Former Vice President is all but certain to win the Democratic Party’s presidential nomination, having racked up a formidable delegate lead over his only remaining competitor in the race, Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont.
6861	Former Vice President Joe Biden had six Knox County residents donate to his campaign.
6862	Former Vice President Joe Biden never addressed Line 3 or Twin Metals during the primary campaign, and he has continued to avoid taking a stand now that he’s unopposed in the race.
6863	Former Vice President Joe Biden said : "Trump just tossed a stick of dynamite into a tinderbox, and he owes the American people an explanation of the strategy.
6864	Former White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders: "If you want to get into a debate with a 4 star general, I think that's highly inappropriate"
6865	Former Wisconsin and Arkansas coach Bret Bielema and Air Force coach Troy Calhoun are still candidates.
6866	For me, the shifts we're seeing in ecommerce and the use of data are even more dramatic.
6867	“For months corrupt regime officials have engaged in an unlawful, violent, and despicable campaign of arrests, intimidation, and bribery to destroy the last democratic institution in Venezuela, the National Assembly,” he said.
6868	For months, drive-up COVID-19 testing facilities have been on the front line of testing and documenting the spread of the virus.
6869	For more information about Dow's more than 35 years of support of the Olympic Movement and commitment to sustainability through sports, visit https://www.
6870	For more information about Molina Healthcare, please visit molinahealthcare.
6871	For more information on or to get involved, go to https://www.
6872	For more information or to book, visit or call 03432 186 186.
6873	For more information, please visit upwardboundhouse.org.
6874	For more information visit: https://bit.
6875	For more information, visit the website of Ecobank today.
6876	For more information, write Dept. 19-JKN-199, InventHelp, 217 Ninth Street, 15222, or call (412) 288-1300 ext. 1368.
6877	For more than 35 years, our comprehensive suite of solutions and unmatched expertise have helped customers of any size reimagine their enterprise and deliver exceptional customer experiences.
6878	For more than an hour speakers after speakers addressed the gathering, paused by the chants of same slogans as raised by Shaheen Bagh protesters like, for example, ‘Ham kia chate?
6879	For most of the rest of the functions, voice commands work.
6880	For motorists not using their car at all during the COVID-19 outbreak, Aviva can reduce premium costs by up to 75 per cent.
6881	For Mr Bholah, it is crucial to promote e-commerce which has emerged as a thriving business activity during the Covid-19 pandemic.
6882	For now, Cerilli advises residents to stay put and if you have to go out, shop local and if you’re hungry, order out.
6883	For now, much of the lobbying centers on who Biden should – or should not – appoint to key posts as he builds out the administration that will take office in January.
6884	For now, President Muhammadu Buhari succeeded in generating a channel noise of unfathomable proportions.
6885	For now, the evidence supports Mr. Trump’s contention that an improving economy is more responsible for falling food stamp rolls than Mr. Trump’s attempts to limit access.
6886	For now, there has been no official ruling on if Mickey’s Very Merry Christmas Party will take place.
6887	For now, the Tebeka's will focus on much-needed family time.
6888	For old Reddit also the ‘save’ option is at the same location.
6889	For one, “he makes the people around him better”
6890	For one, it will shore up its leverage over Armenia.
6891	For others, it was a good excuse to get out of the house, keep their minds sharp and connect with friends and neighbors over a $5 game.
6892	For others it was incredulity, based on what a two-, three- or even four-team footprint would mean for the game on this side of the Tasman.
6893	“For our diverse student population, it means more opportunity to be heard and be included.
6894	For our sector, it is critical to ensure easy and quick access to government funding for large companies and SMEs to avoid lay-offs and reduce the detrimental impact the crisis brings to all employers.
6895	For over 100 years, people in Wyoming have known that they can go to their local newspaper to view public notices.
6896	For over two months, activities have been grounded to a halt in the industry to prevent the spread of the virus through air travel."
6897	For Oxendine and McNeill, the season has been one of transition after transferring from the junior-college level.
6898	For people outside the UAE, the portal is the first stop for anyone interested in coming to the UAE for tourism, work or investment.
6899	For people wanting to binge on the entire back catalog, the archive is migrating over to https://t.
6900	For players wondering if putting time into is worthwhile, Gearbox seems to be making a solid attempt to extend the game’s life cycle.
6901	For professionals and young families as well as for seniors looking to age in place and downsize.
6902	For punters, it was the wrong Chris Waller horse.
6903	For Pyongyang, the only way to anticipate such a preventive strike at times of high tension is preemptive retaliation by proxy.
6904	For Q1FY20, it had posted EBITDA of Rs295.66cr.
6905	“For real argument fosters both truth and love.
6906	For reference, my brother is two years younger than me and might be one of the most introverted people that I know.
6907	For safety, all staff members and helpers will use masks and gloves.
6908	For safety precautions – black out your RX and personal information on the label.
6909	“For serology tests, perhaps you could even have your finger stuck by a pharmacist, similar to a test for blood glucose and cholesterol levels, to understand whether you have antibodies to the virus.
6910	For several years after that late 1990s interview and the play, I'd receive High Holiday cards from him and Anne, who I met briefly that evening.
6911	For Shelton, it was a seeming reversal from her earlier views that "quantitative easing" amounted to an inappropriate Fed intervention in markets that was inflating stock prices but doing little for the economy.
6912	For six weeks, the Cart Smart Team lifted lids and peeked inside 2,000 blue bins.
6913	For some asinine reason that makes no sense to me, they have all been taken off Netflix, and not even setting my VPN to Great Britain will bring them back.
6914	For some inexplicable reason, this so-called church—which has less than 30 members on its own separate subreddit—refuses to call Chewtle by anything but Albert, referring to the original name as “the C-word” and treating anyone who uses it as a heretic.
6915	For someone directing his first Bollywood film, Om Raut manages to handle the scale very well.
6916	For some reason, though, her pain levels continued to rise, and no one knew why.
6917	For some, that sense of urgency, combined with fierce partisanship and anger, feels like a recipe for conflict.
6918	For some, the letters offer a reprieve from days stuck at home and in virtual school.
6919	“For some, these effects may be worse than original symptoms with no end in sight.
6920	For some, this process could be revealing; for others, life-changing.
6921	For some, this was a problem.
6922	For starters, Howard says that ‘s map will be the largest one to feature in a Bethesda game.
6923	For starters: Identical twins (and triplets) are not 100 percent identical, even though they originate from the same egg and sperm.
6924	For starters, you can choose a budget airline over a mainstream competitor.
6925	For subprime mortgages, that rate typically goes up to around 30%.
6926	For Tang, the influence of local food in her creations still remains.
6927	Fort Collins hotels were 68.5% full in October and the room cost an average of $98.
6928	For tertiary students, colleges are giving students 30 gigabytes of data and have negotiated with network providers to zero-rate access to some academic sites.
6929	For that reason, he said that the remainder of the school is not considered to be in an outbreak and is being kept open.
6930	For that, their matching outfits deserve the top spot on this list.
6931	For that, we need an interlocutor who is democratically installed.”
6932	For the 2019/20 fiscal year the country drew up a very conservative budget that is as close as possible to expected revenue.
6933	For the artists, their part in the experiment has not yet reached an end.
6934	For the cool price of zero dollars a month, Pluto TV will provide you access to select content from more than 100 live channels, including, CBSN, Bloomberg TV, MSNBC, Sky News, movie channels, and live sports, plus 35 music-streaming channels.
6935	For The CW, a “Supernatural” recap special at 8 had a 0.3/2 and 1.2 million viewers.
6936	For the early game, the Shorty is a fine weapon, though it quickly becomes outclassed.
6937	For the findings, published in the journal PLOS ONE, the research team surveyed 8,000 people of various ages and ethnicities, in two languages, in both the US and Holland, to help determine why nonvegetarians decide to become vegetarian.
6938	For the first 40 minutes, though, it was not so much an audition as a pop quiz.
6939	“For the first half of the day we were very overrun and people came from all over.”
6940	For the first time, contestants have been told they can succumb to the 'Curse of Strictly' – but have been warned against intimacy with anyone other than their dance partner.
6941	For the first time in its weekly COVID-19 report, the health department Thursday included data on laboratory test rates and positivity rates by county of residence.
6942	For the first time in nearly nine years, astronauts have arrived at the International Space Station in a spaceship that was made in the USA.
6943	For the first time in over forty (40) years, we have had a fiscal deficit below five per cent (5%) of GDP for three years in a row.”
6944	For the first time in the multiple continuities that make up the saga, Michael actually succeeds in killing Laurie.
6945	For the first time in weeks, it wasn’t the Spirit Halloween theme song.
6946	"For the first time, we can confirm that shorter and longer GRB's are indeed completely separate things."
6947	For the health and safety of the Eastern Oregon University community, Homecoming 2020 has been reimagined as a fully online opportunity to celebrate the Mountaineer spirit.
6948	For the last 18 years I have been the technical service manager of a family owned, multinational, manufacturing company with its world headquarters in Manchester, NH.
6949	“For the last couple of months, I have been really hung up on the fact that every three hours a woman is murdered in South Africa.
6950	For the last few months, he has been operating on the weekends on the front lawn of his brick and mortar at 205 E. Front St. while the inside was getting in game-form.
6951	For the last half of the mission, we only had three people and I was the only American.
6952	For the last ten days I have been visiting old friends and projects I have supported over the years in Africa.
6953	For the last time.
6954	For them, coverage related to social unrest can be harder to navigate.
6955	For them, it was a mere return to de facto status quo.
6956	For the moment, that mystery will go unanswered.
6957	“For the moment, the season is only postponed for a couple of months – no international cricket is affected.
6958	“For the most part, I would sit very quietly at the piano,” she says.
6959	For the most part my squad, we were front row center for all of the first week and a half’s worth of demonstrations.
6960	For the most part, players will use this currency to upgrade their ship and weapon systems.
6961	For the most part, the Japanese and Korean automakers don’t restrict out-of- region customers from taking advantage of discount programs, though I have found exceptions to that.
6962	For the most recent quarter, Disney’s theme park division had operating income of $2.3 billion, a 9 percent increase from the same period a year earlier.
6963	For them, since the state protocol was responsible for preparing the dais, the minders of the former President could not guarantee the safety of their boss.
6964	For the next financial year, analysts expect that the business will post earnings of $0.22 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.11 to $0.32.
6965	For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the firm will post sales of $24.78 million, with estimates ranging from $23.00 million to $26.35 million.
6966	For the next five months, this group will be discussing the new school boundaries that come with adding a third middle school.
6967	For the next three seasons, Haslem, then in his early 30s, shuffled in and out of the starting lineup and saw his role reduced significantly, as the team became more top-heavy.
6968	For the past 13 days, South Africa’s active cases remained between 160 000 and 170 000.
6969	For the past 32 years we’ve lived on the central Florida east coast (Brevard County).
6970	For the past four months, she has watched him zip around the yard until he pants like a dog.
6971	For the past month, I have been sitting in silence during my bus ride to campus in the mornings because I had no podcast that I liked enough to listen to.
6972	For the pasts 30 years, I have provided my experience and service in assisting individuals as their real estate broker at Stout Group Ltd. Three years ago I was accepted to serve on Solon’s Board of Appeals.
6973	For the past seven years, a Munich-based firm called riskmethods has tried to interest companies in buying software that allows them to track all their suppliers in a way that minimizes risks in operating globally spread supply chains.
6974	For the past several days, I’ve been experiencing periods of shortness of breath, fatigue and general soreness.
6975	For the recipes that follow, medium-sized yellow potatoes are ideal, with russets as a second choice.
6976	For the reproductions, she said, “You mold it from the actual fish.
6977	For the respondents, economic growth and job creation were top priorities.
6978	For the rest of your products, look for ones that work on eliminating oiliness and encouraging volume.
6979	“For the safety of our guests, employees and communities, Cinemark will require that face masks be worn throughout our theatres.
6980	For the sake of argument, let’s assume that not only is Zack Snyder not doing anymore DCEU work beyond finishing The Snyder Cut, but his outlines for the two sequels are set aside.
6981	For the sake of plausible deniability anyway.
6982	For the second straight week, Northwestern held its opponent to fewer than 80 rushing yards.
6983	For the vast majority of citizens this method has worked very well and has provided excellent care.
6984	For the vast majority of prescriptions, as well as for the other services that pharmacists provide, pharmacies are here to stay.
6985	For the VP hopefuls and their donor backers, hosting events that generate eye-popping totals is “a flex,” or a means of showing off their political muscle, said one Democrat affiliated with one of the considered running mate candidates.
6986	"For this reason, we need better cooling technologies in place to keep the device temperature well within the maximum temperature for optimum operation," he says.
6987	For those aged 60 and over, the increase was from 4 per cent to 7.9 per cent.
6988	For those customers who need a new vehicle, Hyundai is also deferring payments for 90-days on select new models purchased at a Hyundai dealership and financed through Hyundai Capital.
6989	For those just joining us, the Confinement (online) Film Festival is dedicated to everyone surviving (and occasionally even thriving) in our current COVID crisis.
6990	For those not good at math, both of these represent a savings of 30 percent.
6991	For those of you with a Steam account or some PlayStation gift cards to burn through, we've collected the 10 best horror games to play during a quarantined Halloween.
6992	For those over age 18, a second negative test is required to proceed to the Galápagos.
6993	For those who are drinking less, a majority (55%) said they were doing so because they had less contact with people who they usually drink with.
6994	For those who have experienced the old drive-thru daiquiri stands in New Orleans, we have more good news.
6995	“For those who like a good cachaça, you have to use aged barrels so they don’t give off the flavor of the wood,” Carlos says.
6996	For those who see trouble left and right, he is the pick.
6997	For three hours, nothing felt good.”
6998	For three years she was Pan Macmillan’s Art Director of Picture Books and Gift Books.
6999	For tickets and more festival information visit mardigrasgalveston.
7000	FORTIER: Cassata didn't expect to be enforcing mask-wearing.
7001	Fortifying porridge with mopane worms, which can be ground to a powder with a coffee grinder or pestle and mortar, is a low-cost strategy to fight mineral micronutrient deficiencies, Muleya said.
7002	For too long, we’ve been taught to associate sex with youth.
7003	Fortunately, especially with the new drugs we have today, survivability is above 99 percent and improving.
7004	Fortunately for viewers, Saya makes a second appearance in Episode 6 as she helps resolve a major problem in a new country.
7005	Fortunately, none were heard reminiscing about how things were done “in my day” and had nothing but compliments for the whole evening.
7006	Fortunately, the final fight is the secret boss and it is the easiest out of all the other bosses before it in the tournament.
7007	Fortunately, the Netherlands governing body has not been forced into drastic cost cutting measures due to government support.
7008	Fortune 500 companies pay top dollar to teach sales people how to just hurtle over objections like that.
7009	Fortune’s a good ice cream dancer.
7010	For two months, the town was a ghost of itself, a tableau of desolate streets and shuttered businesses.
7011	Fort Worth is now in 13th place and Charlotte, N.C. in 15th place with Indianapolis, Ind., and San Francisco, Calif., both falling off the top 15. In addition, the list’s order has changed slightly.
7012	For two years, she has been undergoing treatment for anxiety and PTSD related to being “sexually assaulted” in 2016.
7013	Forty-four teachers and 35 pupils have been infected with the virus.
7014	Forty-seven percent of more than 4,200 IT leaders surveyed by Harvey Nash and KPMG said that COVID-19 has permanently accelerated digital transformation, says Sean Gilligan, president of technology recruitment for North America at Harvey Nash USA.
7015	Forty-seven percent said they oppose another lockdown, 42% support it and 11% don’t know.
7016	Forty-two-year-old Ranbir Dhull of Saskatoon, who RCMP says was known to Jhinger, has been arrested and charged with one count of first-degree murder.
7017	For UNM, junior right fielder Taryn Young had two runs and hits.
7018	"For us, it's not about numbers.
7019	For us, the Xbox One X will become the default Xbox console going forward.
7020	“For us to be able to renew our vows with our closest friends was amazing,” she said.
7021	For veteran filmmaker Vidhu Vinod Chopra, it has not been an easy task to bring to the silver screen a story from the land of his roots while completely remaining unbiased.
7022	Forward 12M Revenue is expected to grow by 5.62% over the next 12 months, and the stock is trading with a Forward 12M P/E of 9.76.
7023	Forward-looking statements address future events and conditions and therefore involve inherent known and unknown risks and uncertainties.
7024	For years, California has failed to construct enough housing to keep up with population growth.
7025	For years Chas has been one of Constantine’s best (and only) friends.
7026	For years I have been actively involved in Scandinavian cultural activities in Minnesota.
7027	For you it's a night out, for your family it's a night off.
7028	Fo's heroic crazies aren't so meek.
7029	FOSTER CITY, Calif.—Baby Yoda and other new streaming content increased the amount of time that viewers spent streaming in the fourth quarter of 2019, according to the latest report from global streaming media intelligence company Conviva.
7030	Fostering those sorts of suspicions will clearly be a long-running theme for Trump this year as he seeks to cast Democrats as a corrupt party.
7031	Foster learned of the awards during the first week of October and applied on a whim.
7032	Fotis Dulos, 52, left Stamford Superior Court on Thursday afternoon without answering any questions, but his attorney Kevin Smith said Dulos was relieved to be going home and was looking forward to defending his case.
7033	Foto: AP Photo/Julio Cortez Tom Brady is a free agent for the first time in his NFL career, and on Thursday night he posted an image that seems to hint at a potential exit.
7034	Foto: Sean Gallup/Getty Images Many conservatives would like to see President Donald Trump tap US Ambassador to Germany Ric Grenell as the next US ambassador to the UN.
7035	“Fotosifter is a family-friendly software which is also a perfect choice for family members, photography beginners, office workers, travel lovers, teachers, students, and more,” said Cici Chen, Director at Cgaga Software.
7036	Foto: Smog over LA monitored by NASA scientists and air pollution center in 1972.
7037	Foto: Target The Elvie Pump comfortably fits within a bra, allowing you to pump without cords or tubes.
7038	Foundation Board members Nancy Howard, Hal Adkins and Buck Mann, far right, are pictured with paramedics Tyler Fritz, Mike Hill, Mike Copeland, Eric Olson and Jason Williams.
7039	Founded in 1915, Donaldson (NYSE: DCI) is a global leader in technology-led filtration products and solutions, serving a broad range of industries and advanced markets.
7040	Founded in 1927 and based in Italy’s capital, Roma is one of the country’s most followed teams.
7041	Founded in 2018, Veoneer builds on a heritage of close to 70 years of automotive safety development.
7042	Founder and leader of The People’s Project (TPP), Kwame Asare Obeng, popularly known as A Plus, has brushed aside a lawsuit of failure on his part to pay for a fridge he purchased on credit.
7043	Founder of Hong Kong's Apple Daily newspaper, Jimmy Lai, walks out from a police station after being bailed out in Hong Kong on Friday.
7044	Founder of Truda Foods, Colin van Heerden is no stranger to paddling with 11 Dusi Canoe Marathon finishes under his belt, and saw this as an opportunity to support an event that is close to the heart of the community.
7045	Four are transfers who have previously played in college, while 33 were recruited out of high school.
7046	Four Chinese provinces lowered their alert levels on the virus, including Yunnan, Guangdong, Shanxi and Guizhou.
7047	“Four days later, she ended up spiking a temperature of 104.2, and became even worse,” Lisa said.
7048	Four heroes will be given a brand Hyundai Sonata on Memorial Day.
7049	Four lethal cases linked to coronavirus were registered today.
7050	Four minutes into the third quarter of Syracuse’s Feb. 23 game against the Black Knights, Trimboli circled behind the Army defense before cutting down the middle lane — catching a pass and beating Schupler one-on-one.
7051	Four months into the 2020-21 fiscal year, income and expenditures are on target, she said.
7052	Four of the five Supreme Court judges concluded the ESB had a liability on the basis the case was an exception to the general principle that an individual did not owe a duty of care to prevent harm to another caused by actions of a third party.
7053	Four seats are up for grabs after the incumbents either decided not to run, or were unseated at convention or in the primary.
7054	Four students were killed.
7055	Fourth quarter and full year earnings results will be released after the market closes on Wednesday, January 27, 2021.
7056	Fourth-quarter results released Thursday show Bombardier posted an adjusted loss of US$172 million, or 10 cents a share, compared with a year-earlier profit of $149 million, or 5 cents.
7057	Fourth-quarter sales were $427.0 million, an increase of 6% from the same quarter last year.
7058	Four years in the making, the Fifth Avenue Landing development, as it is known, also called for more than two acres of public areas, including a ground-level promenade and an elevated terrace accessible via stairs and elevators.
7059	Four years later, owners and managers across Maine find themselves getting involved in their businesses in a more visible way.
7060	Four years later, the British government launched a bombing campaign against Isis in Syria amid much angry debate in which all sides took it for granted that Britain was in a position to do more than military posturing.
7061	Fowler saw his first two rounds as a positive on his season.
7062	Fox News could not yet project a winner in Florida for the presidential race.
7063	Fox News guest host Dean Cain was caught on Sunday patting his co-host’s knee on live TV.
7064	Fox News Sunday has snagged an interview with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.).
7065	Frail but quick-witted, van de Perre is one of just a handful of Dutch resistance fighters still alive.
7066	Framing her uncle for stealing the Kealohas’ mailbox was to make him less credible in the family financial dispute, the judge said.
7067	Framing the construction of these “marble and iron beauties” as the true measure of a city facing forward, the filmmakers photograph the buildings with a combination of romance and awe.
7068	France is urging people to cut back on the customary double-cheek kiss in order to prevent the spread of the deadly coronavirus.
7069	France’s Total close to buying 30% in Adani Gas for more than $800 mill.
7070	France - whose anti-jihadist campaign in the Sahel is strongly supported by Chad - carried out air strikes at N'Djamena's request to halt their advance.
7071	Francis initially vowed to remain silent about Vigano’s bombshell allegations.
7072	Francis prayed in the Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore, then went to a church which has a crucifix carried in a 1522 procession in Rome when the city was stricken with plague.
7073	Franco’s taking a huge risk since there may come a point where “Bad Franco” takes over in every way.
7074	Frankfort scored four consecutive goals to secure the win and keep an outside chance at qualifying for Europa League.
7075	Frank Klotz, a retired lieutenant general, is an adjunct senior fellow at the nonprofit, nonpartisan RAND Corporation.
7076	Frank Lampard’s side were punished for some dismal defending at Bramall Lane as David McGoldrick struck twice, either side of Oli McBurnie’s goal.
7077	Franklin Covey is a leader in the highly fragmented L&D (Leadership and Development) corporate training industry.
7078	Franklin Resources Inc. lifted its position in Conagra Brands by 19,745.4% during the 4th quarter.
7079	Frankly, we haven't seen any since, outside of Abdullah and Jeet in Dressrosa.
7080	Fraser got a yellow card for the foul but Vancouver wasn’t able to capitalize on the ensuing free kick.
7081	Fraudulent calls, especially the automated ones called “robocalls”, have always been a menace, especially in the US, costing Americans billions per year on both wasted time as well as fraudulent transactions.
7082	Frazier advocates for level-setting and risk assessment before diving into automation.
7083	Frazier’s home run loudly echoed through an empty ballyard, serving as a powerful, silent statement from a masked assassin.
7084	Freddie Fox as Jeremy Bamber and Alexa Davies as Julie in ITV's White House Farm.
7085	Fred is also developing reusable egg cartons that have several universities interested, and the project will hopefully begin next year.
7086	Freedom for Prince Harry came with a price.
7087	Freedom is just another word for nothing left to lose.
7088	Freeing convicts endangered the public in multiple ways.
7089	Freelan’s letter says she is making the changes “in light of the NDP proposal and to add further transparency to the free-trade negotiations process.”
7090	Freestone Park is extremely close to Gilbert’s Heritage District, where you can pick up Postino, Liberty Market, Joe’s Real BBQ, and plenty more.
7091	Fr. Eliseo Mercado, Jr., OMI, who spent several years in Datu Piang, posted at 10:58 p.m. that “Notre Dame of Dulawan is under attack and fighting is going on” as he asked for “prayers for the safety of civilians and school.”
7092	French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel ordered their countries back into lockdown, as a massive second wave of coronavirus infections threatened to overwhelm Europe before the winter.
7093	Frequently when McGee was in a pick-and-roll with LeBron, the latter was able to throw lobs to McGee anywhere near the hoop, and McGee could finish the play.
7094	Fresh from a promising campaign in the 2020 U19 World Cup for Pakistan, Aamir Ali could turn out to be an unlikely trump card for Peshawar.
7095	Fresh from hosting Saturday Night Live, comedian John Mulaney has got himself a surprising new gig – as a writer on Late Night with Seth Meyers.
7096	'Fresh is what I want,' says the voice.
7097	Freshman backup D.J. Uiagalelei will make his second college start with Lawrence sidelined.
7098	Freshman forward Coleman Stucke and Doherty were able to bring the Huskies back from the 13-point deficit with Stucke’s three-point bombs and Doherty’s offensive rebounding.
7099	Freshman forward Kamari Williams attempts a basket as Clemson sophomore guard John Newman III attempts to force a turnover, Saturday, Feb. 22, 2020.
7100	Freshman Wil Tattersall had 17 points for UCR (0-1), while Arinze Chidom added 11 points.
7101	Fresnillo has a 52-week low of GBX 536.80 ($7.06) and a 52-week high of GBX 1,028 ($13.52).
7102	FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation is dealing with a COVID-19 outbreak at a facility at California State Prison, Corcoran.
7103	FRESNO COUNTY, Calif. (KFSN) -- The flu season is quickly approaching.
7104	Fresno police say the driver clipped the bicyclist, who lost control of the bike and hit the car's windshield, breaking it.
7105	Frictional Games is returning to Amnesia with Amnesia: Rebirth, and promises a more narrative core similar to their last terrifying effort, SOMA.
7106	FRIDAY, April 24, 2020 (American Heart Association News) -- Helping other people is a way of life for Chris Hagan.
7107	Friday, Education Ministry officials had said the JEE (Main) and the NEET-UG will be conducted in September as scheduled.
7108	Friday July 10, 2020 ⚾️ pic.
7109	Friday marked exactly six months of caring for that vulnerable patient population.
7110	Friday marks 25 years since the deadly sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway system by the Aum Shinrikyo cult.
7111	Friday night will be clear and chilly.
7112	Friday said that he had the written notification and proceeded to hand it to the clerk, who, in turn, handed it to the speaker.
7113	Friday's forecast paints a much different picture.
7114	Friday’s unemployment report all but certainly arrives too late to help President Donald Trump’s re-election bid much — despite the fact that the economy added 661,000 jobs in September while the unemployment rate fell to 7.9 percent.
7115	Fridley man killed in snowmobile crash near…
7116	Friedman quoted unnamed sources who claimed Mottola had been collecting intel by secretly viewing footage prior to its release.
7117	Friedman would say yes.
7118	Friends and relatives are invited to visit from 6 to 7 p.m., Wednesday, August 5, 2020, at Burpee, Carpenter & Hutchins Funeral Home, 110 Limerock Street, Rockland.
7119	Friends Josh Belser and Sam Dow are more than 400 miles apart from each other, but, as health care workers, they're united in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic.
7120	Friends of Hospice volunteer Nicky Gurret, who was instrumental in the organization of the first FoH Memorial Moon Walk in 2017 said, “A walk in the moonlight is a reminder that in our darkest hours there is light.
7121	Friends star Matthew Perry has revealed his ‘big news’, or so we think, by joining Instagram and frankly, we feel a little cheated.
7122	Froese, Long and Whitmarsh would be entitled to appeal the decision but would be forced to vacate their positions while that process plays out.
7123	From 2015 to 2018, Shi solicited investments for what she claimed would be a 207-unit luxury condo and hotel complex in the Coachella Valley, near Palm Springs, prosecutors said.
7124	From 2017-2020 (before Covid), applications for clean energy projects declined by 72%.
7125	From 21 amazing online buys to great ideas for your leisure time (think virtual game drives and great Netflix shows), you shouldn’t miss it.
7126	From 3 a.m. Eastern to noon on Tennis Channel, and from noon to 3 p.m. on NBC; streaming on Tennis Channel and NBCSN apps.
7127	From a long-term perspective, it does not matter much if we get President Trump, President Biden, or President Harris.
7128	From Anurag Kashyap to Sushant Singh, a few celebrities today lent their support to peaceful protests against JNU violence held in various parts of Mumbai.
7129	From China to Disney, this was an NBA season like none other — and quite probably like none ever again.
7130	From column 1, Trump speaks on the left and the statue follies: “They’re trying to take everything down.
7131	From comedy and song, to dance and picnics, the 2020 programme includes something for everyone old and young.
7132	"From empowering them with knowledge, to supporting them in their darkest hour - no day or shift is ever the same and I love that.
7133	From Ernakualm North, the trains will head to Barauni and Muzaffarpur.
7134	From fresh produce to dairy and meat products, anyone can pick up free food at Emmanuel Baptist Church in Northwest Rochester until food runs out.
7135	From getting called as female Shah Rukh Khan to slut-shamed for wearing her choices of clothes, Suhana Khan has often been subjected to negative comments on social media.
7136	From here, and despite the area being closed to civilians, he was allowed to tour Syrian military outposts all along the Golan Heights.
7137	From "His Eye Is on the Sparrow" by Mahalia Jackson to "My Sweet Refuge" by Roo Panes, you will no doubt get out a good cry as you listen to the soundtrack for season five ahead.
7138	From his latest Instagram posts, it seems like the singer’s facial hair is here to stay and we really hope it’s not too prickly for the supermodel.
7139	From his perspective, the Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Jidaw Systems, Jide Awe, said there is a need to prioritize and embark on practical digital literacy for all.
7140	From January 28 to the 30, organizers say more than 1,200 First Nations, Non-Governmental Organizations, community, government and business leaders are expected to attend the Forum.
7141	From mid-March to mid-September, RCMP in Alberta recorded a 12 per cent rise in calls involving domestic violence over the previous year.
7142	“From our standpoint,” Friedman added later, “I think the people who were around him were people that would be in the contact tracing web anyway, with just how closely a lot of us have been around each other.
7143	From pictures of extravagant vacations to her chic fashion looks, the daughter of Shah Rukh and Gauri Khan keeps sharing snippets of her life with her fans, giving them major goals.
7144	From questions related to the alleged Vikas Dubey encounter to the HRD Ministry's refusal to withdraw its guidelines on the final year college exams, read the top stories from our print edition today.
7145	From September 11-17, for instance, Team Rocket Leaders will begin using a completely new selection of Shadow Pokémon.
7146	From simple scraps to silk, Rubeo is capable of accomplishing and designing whatever she desires.
7147	From social to mobile capabilities, GCB is having to redirect the way we do business to deliver a better customer experience and remain competitive.”
7148	From that came a wider commitment to women's basketball, advising the WNBA's Los Angeles Sparks, holding coaching camps for younger players.
7149	From that day Danielle’s world was shifted.
7150	From the ashes, Palpatine managed to convince the galaxy that it was the Jedi who betrayed rendering what few of the Order survived as galactic fugitives.
7151	“From the conversations I’ve had with him, he’s really been remorseful, and he’s been humbled along the way.
7152	From the ensuing phase, Byrne is pinged for offside.
7153	From the grunge scene in New York to the hip nightlife of Los Angeles and beyond, the boots have stood the test of time — and anyone who’s ever owned a pair has a unique journey of their own.
7154	From the mental side, Ojemudia said the Broncos’ scheme isn’t as taxing as the one he played at Iowa.
7155	From the mountains to the sea, Sunny Walder loves it all.
7156	From the onset of the pandemic, large multinational meat corporations prioritized profits over worker safety by speeding up slaughter lines, forcing workers to stand closer together, and not distributing PPE immediately.
7157	From there, Darwin Camp punched it in from 2 yards out to tie the game 14 all, with just under nine minutes to play in the half.
7158	“From there it got stressful,” Gimbel said.
7159	From there the idea just developed by itself.
7160	From there, the mistakes mounted and Onaway played catch-up the rest of the match, until one last effort late in the fourth to stave off elimination.
7161	From the same company that brought you the Roomba, why not take a look at the Braava to finish the job on your hard-floor surfaces?
7162	From the start, installing the electric fence through a reputable company and having it linked to an armed response service provider so that when the fence is triggered, their control room receives the signal immediately.
7163	“From the window, Hassana saw the movement of soldiers and armoured tanks surrounding their house.
7164	From the writer of 2019's breakout indie hit Dead End Kids comes a story of a young woman's recovery journey and one hard truth: not everyone is cut out to be a hero.
7165	“From this data, we can expect a polarized response.”
7166	From this weekend Saturday deliveries will be “temporarily” halted, the delivery company said.
7167	From to Friends to Daily Quests - there is a lot in the title that wasn't there at the start of things.
7168	From worldwide maps on the smartphone in your pocket to the ability to trace a small package anywhere on the globe, GPS is an invaluable part of daily life nowadays.
7169	Front loaders are removing the tents of the homeless campers.
7170	Frost giants have risen from a trench in the Norwegian Sea and are attacking Roxxon’s underwater base.
7171	Frustrated and infuriated over repeated Democratic efforts to ram through a cap and trade (carbon tax) bill, Oregon House Republicans have joined their Senate companions in literally walking out of the State Capitol in Salem.
7172	“FSA programs and loans are critical to Iowa farmers and we want to continue our work with customers while taking precautionary measures to help prevent the spread of the coronavirus,” DeJong says.
7173	FTB Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of Callon Petroleum by 94.2% during the fourth quarter.
7174	FTSE Russell continues to engage with the Vietnam market authorities as they implement reforms aimed at developing the capital market,” said the index provider.
7175	Fuller sided with the majority, but offered no opinion.
7176	Full of pent-up rage, Dominick struggles to keep Thomas’ fragile psyche from completely falling apart and is often helpless against an institutional system that, even with good people, is damaging to his brother.
7177	Fulton gave Page snake eyes.
7178	Funding for the project would most likely come from a special purpose tax, which all Natrona County voters would have to approve.
7179	Funding needs in Iraq and Colombia jumped by over 40 percent.
7180	Funding will help offset the high cost of fighting the spread of COVID-19 in Long Beach.
7181	Funds can be donated at: https://www.
7182	Funds that invest in bonds are subject to interest-rate risk and can lose principal value when interest rates rise.
7183	Funeral arrangements are yet to be confirmed.
7184	Funeral Mass on Monday, December 7th at 11am at the Church of the Epiphany 105 West Main St. Sodus.
7185	Funeral services were held Sunday for Christina Mauser, the youth basketball coach killed in a helicopter crash three weeks ago alongside Kobe Bryant, his daughter Gianna and six others.
7186	Fun Fact: there was a scrapped "Battle Bucks" currency back in Chapter 1 Season 1, the description was: "Currency earned by playing the Battle Royale game mode."
7187	Funk and Powers met in about 2010 when Funk was teaching a class for MSU WonderLust, now the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute, on baroque music.
7188	Funnily enough, didn’t do the song at his recent arena tour, but he did give the album’s Noel-penned Gas Panic! a whirl.
7189	Further, April-November industrial growth was 0.5 percent in comparison to 4.7 percent in the year-earlier period.
7190	‘Further decentralisation is the way forward, not the centralisation apparently being considered by Boris Johnson’s government.’
7191	Further enquiries are ongoing.
7192	Further in the grounds of appeal, the lawyer argued that the trial judge failed to put his client’s defense to the jury and that the trial judge misdirected the jury on the law of self-defense and murder.
7193	Further, it can be noted that the equipment developed by researchers has a cost of about Rs 2,000 considering if a pilot facility is used.
7194	Further, mobility data from Google and Apple points out that more than 50 per cent of the world’s population reduced travel by more than half during April 2020.
7195	Furthermore, a fact not widely known is that spending the equivalent amount of time carrying out a consultation dealing with a mental health condition, a GP receives a rebate of $1.10 less than if the complaint is more physical in nature.
7196	Furthermore, a review of a WeChat conversation revealed that Ye and the other PLA official from NUDT were collaborating on a research paper about a risk assessment model designed to decipher data for military applications.
7197	Furthermore, because of the one-child policy, the population is rapidly aging, which raises numerous social problems.
7198	Furthermore, doctors believed that most of their patients experienced fatigue for a short time because of dehydration.
7199	Furthermore, it is both confusing and disturbing that the NCAA has chosen to compare Cal Poly’s minor text book violation to shocking cases of impropriety.
7200	Furthermore, students may encounter difficulties registering for fall classes if they do not sign the agreement.
7201	Furthermore, the cost of travel, as specified by civil aviation ministry, will be borne by travellers.
7202	Furthermore, there is support for faster connectivity.
7203	Further, the defence counsel, Sabastine Tar (SAN) asked, if he has any proof of evidence or document to show he took any money to the defendant, the witness responded again, “ No I don’t have.”
7204	‘f you booked ferry travel with Red Funnel, Wightlink or Hovertravel please visit this page for information regarding your booking.
7205	G20 leaders should support a waiver on principal and interest for African Fragile Statessuch as the Sahel, Central African Republic and others who are already struggling with the burden of debt and have limited fiscal space.
7206	Gabbard has also studied Taekwondo, Tai Chi, and Filipino stick fighting, jujitsu and capoeira.
7207	Gabby was centered in both snapshots as she switched between two sultry poses.
7208	Gabriel thought he had a third after volleying in from a corner but VAR persuaded Manzano there had been a push.
7209	Gael Monfils, who came into the tournament on the back of a record-equalling third triumph in Montpellier, denied his 19-year-old opponent a maiden ATP title by beating him 6-2, 6-4 to retain the trophy.
7210	Gaffar was subsequently acquitted by the Court, and he sued the Director of the ACB in Civil Cause Number 6 of 2017.
7211	Gage’s project included planning the project, recruiting workers and fellow scouts to help, scraping the trim, columns and porch ceiling, and repainting.
7212	Gail Gumprich works in the intensive care unit at the Vancouver hospital and she says the experience for patients can be a daunting one, especially because many of them have never seen her face.
7213	Gail Ochs, Chamber President, said it’s nice to announce something positive during a trying time.
7214	Gail would benefit too with $-1 change in APM prices lifting EPS by 5-6% as LPG costs fall and a tad more for consol.
7215	Galloway himself ended up issuing an apology, saying “La Porte is a welcoming community and my remarks did not reflect that.”
7216	Game 9 winner vs. Game 10 loser, 2:30 p.m.
7217	Game benchmarks, power efficiency analysis and more.
7218	GameCentral readers vote on their favourite games of last year, from Wreckfest to Outer Wilds.
7219	“Gamecock fans are a big part of our programs, and we want to be as accommodating to them as possible.
7220	Garab also added the NamWater debt has been soaring for the past 10 years.
7221	Garces-Redd added MAC also wants to see what groups are targeted and affected more by looking at demographics.
7222	Garcia, a federal public defender for the Western District of Texas in El Paso, sat down at the table reserved for defense counsel.
7223	GARCIA-NAVARRO: This is a question for both of you.
7224	Gardaí in Newbridge are continuing appealing for any witnesses or anyone who may have information in relation to this incident to come forward.
7225	Gardner, as a Red Lantern, lands on Earth with plans to take it over.
7226	Garment workers face potential ruin as stores around the world abruptly close and cancel orders.
7227	Garner says he simply wanted to put into words his feelings about the classic film and how eleven life lessons can be learned from the picture.
7228	Gary – who has just released new solo LP ‘Music Played by Humans’ - joked the “best thing” about the movie will be the fact he won’t have to do anything more on screen than make a brief cameo.
7229	Garza continued to visit Clayton and document his visits on TikTok, garnering millions of views.
7230	Gate City Bank has helped lighten the load for thousands of students in the region who were sent home to help stem the spread of the virus that causes COVID-19.
7231	• Gateway 14.1 FHD Ultra Slim Notebook, now for $369 ($130 off): This Windows laptop from Gateway features a 14.1-inch Full HD display and has 128GB of storage to go with 4GB of RAM.
7232	Gatheridge said the three wisest words he’s ever heard are, “Never worry alone,” and that’s advice he always gives to his patients.
7233	Gavin Hastings holds the Rugby All-Stars fundraiser in aid of the Sue Ryder Dee View Court appeal, in the hope of raising a final £180,000 for the expansion of the neurological care centre.
7234	Gawaxab, Galloway, Mberira and Muteka did not go through the recruitment process, making them hand-picked.
7235	GB above is 100% right, Choppies, Shoprite, PnP, Rwandese shops are getting very rich while Zambians who own over 90% of the bars get whipped by Bowman when they try to sell!
7236	GBT envisions this system as a creation of a global mesh network using advanced nodes and super performing new generation IC technology.
7237	GB: You’re talking about hitting the passionate fan, the engaged fan.
7238	GDC Summer at least will give many developers something to look forward to that feels normal.
7239	GDF has the capacity to safely handle and dispose defective explosives, based on the findings and recommendations into the Coast Guard incident on February 22, 2020.
7240	Gean also praised farmers markets, which were temporarily shut down in Southern California, but have reopened in many locations with stricter social distancing measures.
7241	GEE Group, Inc. was founded in 1893 and is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida.
7242	Gena Karpf, a pastry chef living in Naperville in DuPage County, said she's hoping there will be some relief for homeowners.
7243	Gender rights groups had predicted a rise in domestic violence since women and girls are trapped at home with their abusers, but they say the numbers are much more alarming than expected.
7244	General admission tickets, for $40 per vehicle, will have to be bought online in advance and will be scanned through the window for entry.
7245	General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR): What you need to.
7246	General Gilbert Gapay, AFP Chief of Staff, ordered frontline commanders to coordinate with the Office of Civil Defense (OCD) and NDRRMC for the deployment of their disaster response units.
7247	General Hospital spoilers say some exciting twists and turns are still to come, so stay tuned.
7248	"Generally for the city, it's not something people want to see," Lester said.
7249	“Generally speaking, Formartine is a lower crime area but sadly it can still occur.
7250	General Marco Mayorca, commander of the Colombian Army’s 3rd Division, supported the latter version.
7251	General Updates Posted by Shollay May 22, 2020 A plane belonging to state-run airline Pakistani International Airlines has crashed, near…
7252	Generation Z: As a result of the change in media tools, the issue of ethics in advertising has become more of an issue.
7253	Gene Source Code Chain has a total market capitalization of $794,835.00 and $36,585.00 worth of Gene Source Code Chain was traded on exchanges in the last 24 hours.
7254	Genetic genealogy testing isn’t going away.
7255	Genet Rohr will never call such a player that is more interested in his personal glory than team glory.
7256	Gengar is already a fast and powerful Pokemon, but lacks in the defensive department, making it easy to take down if out in the field for too long.
7257	Gen. George Patton, with a pearl-handled pistol, talks to French officers in France during World War II.
7258	GenScript's Biologics CDMO segment has become a new growth driver of the Company.
7259	Gentchev added that it’s too early to say if can learn anything from its current challenges that could be used to tweak the format in the future.
7260	“Gen X is aptly named the ‘sandwich generation’ because they, more than baby boomers and millennials, are facing the time in their lives when they may be providing financial support for their children as well as aging parents,” Voris said.
7261	Geoff Barton, general secretary of head teachers' union, the Association of School and College Leaders, said it seemed a "sensible and prudent approach" to delay the return to school, given the rising rates of Covid and the new strain of the virus.
7262	Geoff stares at the picture, parsing the body language: he and Laura are bracketing the two eldest, but Indie is on the other side of her mother.
7263	Geographically, the global sample preparation market is divided into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Rest of the World (Latin America, Middle East, and Africa).
7264	Georg Andren, governor of Sweden's Vaermland region, said that companies may be less willing to invest there, and, in the longer term, "what is at stake is the social fabric".
7265	George Eustice, the new environment secretary, said at the weekend: “We’ll never be able to protect every single household just because of the nature of climate change and the fact that these weather events are becoming more extreme.”
7266	George isn't upset that she died.
7267	George Miller will return to the director’s chair for the film that will track Furiosa’s origins before she teamed up with Mad Max in “Fury Road.”
7268	George Resch, director of influencer marketing at BrandFire and meme maker behind the Instagram account Tank Sinatra, says humor is always his first instinct when a difficult situation arises.
7269	George told me more than once he fell in love with Le Moyne College, or as he called us, a learning family,” she said.
7270	“Georgetown students are some of the best and the brightest in the country.
7271	George wants to promote his protege Matt Hancock every time, even though the Chief Whip invariably pushes back.
7272	George Washington, James Madison and especially Dr. Benjamin Rush were determined to build on the colonial postal system of Benjamin Franklin and provide the people of a democratic republic with postal service.
7273	George wears an old suit and constantly looks dirty, as if he were digging a grave, but there's to him that Sean's fascinated by.
7274	Georgia is now planning to move up to Manchester alone.”
7275	Georgia shuffle their forwards a bit and also replace Soso Matiashvili at fullback after his mini horror show vs Scotland with Lasha Khmaladze.
7276	Georgia Southern at Texas State — ESPN+, 8 p.m.
7277	Gerber is clearly making the most of her youth and beauty, and honestly, we’re all for it!
7278	German broadcaster WDR, the news outlet for which the December 2018 interview was conducted, previously reported that it had investigated the misconduct accusation.
7279	German Chancellor Merkel announced a one-month partial shutdown that will takeaway all the reopening momentum that has taken place over the past few months.
7280	Germany joined the Czech Republic in stepping up checks at their borders in order to stop possible accomplices.
7281	Germany now says it plans to hold long-planned Libya peace talks in Berlin on 19 January.
7282	Germany' stamp on the bottom) are increasingly popular.
7283	Germany, which has prided itself on its comparatively low death rate, has engaged more than 10,000 people in contact tracing.
7284	Geron has a consensus target price of $3.50, indicating a potential upside of 139.73%.
7285	Gerrards Market is at 705 West Cypress Ave.
7286	Gerry Taylor, Luton borough council's director of public health, said last month she was 'very concerned' at the low rate in her town and blamed the centralised system for being too far removed from communities.
7287	Get a custom Pittsburgh Pirates jersey at Fanatics.
7288	Get out and go for a walk around the block every day with your daughter.
7289	Get plenty of rest, exercise, and eat a healthy diet.
7290	Get that straight,” Gray said.
7291	Get thee behind me pineapple pizza!
7292	Get them on our side.
7293	Get there early.
7294	Getting adjusted to a new system may be challenging, even uncomfortable, but it is certainly not impossible.
7295	Getting a history lesson about “Molon Labe”, the spirit of a Spartan!
7296	Getting into specifics, they found that as on March 21, there were about 1746 persons staying in Markaz.
7297	Getting paid faster improves your cash flow.
7298	Getting rid of any debt you have will allow you to save more.
7299	Getting this one out of the way right off the top is important.
7300	Getting together with a few friends (socially distanced, of course), cracking some drinks and watching gigs on a large-screen TV with a good speaker set up would actually seem quite the popular idea given the circumstances.
7301	Get to know your body and your breasts so you can detect when there is an abnormality.
7302	“Get travel insurance and make sure that you have an up-to-date will, an enduring power of attorney,” CMAAO President said.
7303	Get well soon, Cardi.
7304	Get your craft on — aided by a drink or two — at this tote bag-decorating evening.
7305	Get your daily dose of Mike Causey's Federal Report delivered to your inbox.
7306	Ghana, Guinea, Liberia and Democratic Republic of Congo recorded six percent, five per cent, three per cent and one percent respectively, the report stated.
7307	Ghanaian Hiplife star now turned pastor, Lord Kenya has recounted his days in the music scene in a new interview with Hammer of Pure FM.
7308	Ghana’s respectable avid business investor and Millionaire, Dr Osei Kwame Despite sees his name penetrating through the market of headline news as a result of his offsprings having their names in the spotlight.
7309	Ghana was ranked 80 of 180 countries in the 2019 Corruption Perception Index with a score of 41, indicating no significant changes as compared to the previous year, 2018.
7310	GH fans know Franco Baldwin (Roger Howarth) presented Jason with the opportunity for the do-over he’s always wanted.
7311	Giants defensive back Jabril Peppers (ankle) did not practice, and defensive backs Adrian Colbert (quadriceps) and Julian Love (knee/ankle) were limited, per the Giants injury report.
7312	Gibson disdained conversations with opposing players, even at All-Star Games.
7313	Gigantamax Pikachu reverts to its "chubby" Pikachu look as seen in the original Pokemon games, but with a massive tail made entirely of electricity.
7314	Gigi and Kobe Bryant will never be forgotten.
7315	Gigi Jordan at her sentencing hearing in 2015.
7316	Gilbert Carrasquillo/WireImage(LOS ANGELES) — Queen Latifah has teamed up with Quibi for a brand-new series that will highlight influential Black women who have impacted American style, beauty and culture.
7317	Gilbert—who Trump called a “great friend” and “huge supporter” during a 2017 White House photo op—still owns 95% of the business.
7318	Gilead earned its own criticism this week when it priced a 5-day treatment with its drug at $3,120 for typical patients with private health insurance.
7319	Gilmore, who will turn 30 in September, said he’s ready to pass along any knowledge he can to help Dugger and the other newcomers learn the system.
7320	Gimbap, a seaweed-wrapped roll of bulgogi, imitation crab and veggies, from Damasita.
7321	Gingrich practiced “a form of partisanship which is extraordinarily aggressive,” Zelizer says, “which essentially says partisanship comes above everything else.
7322	Ginn’s analysis certainly had a seductive contrarian appeal—after all, who wouldn’t want to hear that the pandemic won’t be as bad as we were told?
7323	Ginsburg’s death and the vacancy of a Supreme Court seat have arrived at a tumultuous time in American politics, as radical conservatism and radical liberalism meet head-on this election season.
7324	Ginseng Root Extract: This has been used even in energy drinks for boosting energy.
7325	Giovanucci is also taking pride in the fact the company is making an essential product in New England, using U.S. materials.
7326	Girl, 16, killed after 'social media beef' that saw 'bully brand her a prostitute'
7327	Girls water polo rules have two three-and-a-half minute overtime periods followed by sudden death.
7328	Girl you got 19 years and 10 months to go.
7329	Giroud was later replaced by Michy Batshuayi after cutting a frustrated figure for much of the second half and the Belgian so nearly had an instant impact, lashing a near-post shot past Aaron Ramsdale after Alonso had got the better of Stacey.
7330	Girroir would hold onto second all the way to the checkers.
7331	Give it up, you're neither competent nor smart enough for whatever you're doing.
7332	Given Bianca Belair’s undeniable potential in WWE, it makes perfect sense that she lost tonight.
7333	Given Carolyn's decision to dispose of a valuable source of intel, it could be a warning.
7334	Given Harrow Health’s stronger consensus rating and higher possible upside, research analysts clearly believe Harrow Health is more favorable than Avedro.
7335	Given how epic Bayley and Sasha’s match was, inside Hell in a Cell no less, a rematch feels so out of place.
7336	Given its mass destructive impact, a Responsibility to Prevent and Protect from Pandemics (R2PP) doctrine should preclude subjecting such decisions to a veto.
7337	Given that budget agreement — which both parties agreed to over the summer as part of a two-year spending deal — it is unlikely that Congress will accept such draconian cuts, particularly for housing, environmental programs and the arts.
7338	Given that many of the models were families and couples, is likely to be a holiday-themed publication about the importance of friends and family.
7339	Given that most kids are going to have a shitty Halloween this year, you couldn't ask for better timing.
7340	Given that organizations need innovation and more efficiency to sustain in volatile markets, chatbots have become the go-to-approach.
7341	Given that this proved to be a resistance level, the retest will likely establish it as support.
7342	Given that those players have trained as diligently as the 26 guys who’ll be named for the Final, they certainly deserve their slots at Croker.
7343	Given the audience, you’d expect the company to be extra careful about its security.
7344	Given the defined Sebi categories most fund companies are only looking to fill gaps in their active fund bouquets if any.
7345	Given the global nature of the outbreak, many of these efforts will be most effective if coordinated internationally.
7346	Given the immense villainy of the character, some clones rejected Palpatine in more extreme ways.
7347	Given the importance of the plan, it finds a place in many people’s financial portfolio.
7348	Given the nature of the project, the company will no doubt have the pick of the litter in terms of bringing in a well-known writer and showrunner.
7349	Given the necessary disruption we are all suffering this year due to COVID-19, wouldn't it be great if we could dispense with one now pointless disruption: daylight saving.
7350	Given the significant reduction in financing cost, Lafarge Africa Plc ended the half-year with a profit before tax of N28.757 billion.
7351	“Given the state of the City’s finances, and the number of projects which have been shelved, I am grateful that we managed to secure these pipe replacements.”
7352	Given Trump’s history of telling falsehoods, I believe the experts, not Trump.
7353	Give playing undesirable habits.
7354	Give them a chance to reopen and supply the meal you want or you may not get to eat there again in the future.
7355	Give the other person a graceful out.
7356	Give time and dedication, the result will come one day or the other.
7357	GiveWell chose those charities based on how much good additional donations would do, not necessarily how good the groups are overall; in other words, these are organizations that can put new funding to use, rather than sitting on it.
7358	Give your body lots of and healthy fats in order to speed things up and get your bacteria balance back to a healthy level.
7359	Give yourself extra time when driving to where you need to get to on Monday morning as there’s a 60 per cent chance of more freezing drizzle and/or snow.
7360	"Givful takes a disruptive approach to volunteerism.
7361	Giving declines significantly as people are distracted from giving by summer activities and getting ready for the school year,” explained Executive Director Eric Weber.
7362	“Giving everyone a financial stake that’s supported by the city really at least gives people the opportunity to feel like, ‘I have something to contribute to their campaign.
7363	Giving evidence to the Commons Transport Select Committee on Monday about the demand for air travel, Mr Walsh said: 'The announcements yesterday of a 14-day period (for people) coming into the UK, it's definitely going to make it worse.
7364	Giving fans a double-dose of Timberlake to close the list, this was the "D*ck In A Box" episode.
7365	Gizelle Bryant: “I’m still the baddest thing walking, and the most anointed one talking.”
7366	Glen came to SPARKY from a local shelter.
7367	Glenn received 387 days credit for time already served, and if she doesn’t lose any good time could be released from prison in just under nine years.
7368	GL: First of all, I think there are a lot of regulations dealing with emission.
7369	Globally, Covid-19 has killed more than 275,000 people, and over 3.96 million infections have been confirmed.
7370	Globally governments are responding to the economic devastation caused by the Covid-19 pandemic with proposed infrastructure plans and South Africa is no different.
7371	Global stock markets started 2019 against the backdrop of low market capitalisation figures in 2018.
7372	“Global technology brands blended with non-traditional tech companies to showcase how innovation is furthering business across all markets – setting the stage for the decade ahead.”
7373	Glogauer's own team is focusing on one of the FDA-approved saliva-based lab tests already in use in the U.S. and is now applying for Health Canada approval.
7374	Gloria Steinem – she's so on it.
7375	GMD, National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, Mele Kyari.
7376	GM President Mark Reuss said the company had explored ways to keep the Holden brand but had decided that it would cost too much to remain in the "highly fragmented right-hand-drive market".
7377	Go after the “Narco-terrorists”.
7378	Goal 3 of the California Coastal Commission strategic plan deals with coastal resources.
7379	Goa will be boosted by the return of Edu Bedia who missed the game in Chennai due to personal reasons.
7380	God allowed His Church to turn away to see how much we loved His truth and would stand up and for it.
7381	God bless you President Trump & our wonderful First Lady Melania."
7382	Godfridah Sumaili has a point here.
7383	God help the direction this world is headed.
7384	GOD help us all.
7385	God made sure of that in the conception by the Holy Spirit.
7386	God only knows how many people died in China?
7387	God really likes to come and play with us, talk with us, help us, encourage us.
7388	“Godrej Properties launched the project in the Bangalore market.
7389	Godspeed Al,” quoting a hymn from their days at West Point military academy.
7390	Godwin Vasanth Bosco, a restoration ecologist based in the Nilgiris in the Western Ghats, questions the efficacy of renewable energy.
7391	Going beyond music studios, the artiste was supposed to join “Havana” hitmaker Camila Cabello on a tour this year.
7392	Going forward, all games will kick off in the evening with the earliest kickoff at 7:30 p.m. and the latest at 11 p.m.
7393	Going forward, Tanium and NTT plan to further collaborate to contribute to the realization of a smart, safe and secure society using ICT for social issues in all fields.”
7394	Going forward, that number will range from 22 to 26 days a year, the study says.
7395	Going forward, there are no set dates as to when everything will open back up.
7396	‘Going from a sitcom to this, it is night and day, a completely different schedule, different jobs, a different workload.
7397	Going into this, I know Ben Simmons was dealing with a serious injury.
7398	“Going solo will take you a lot longer to (build up career),” she says.
7399	Goldbelt’s interim President and CEO McHugh Pierre said regional corporations are looking for ways to work together like this to help communities weather ferry gaps.
7400	Gold climbed close to $US1,700 an ounce and safe haven government debt was also in high demand.
7401	GoldCoin has a total market cap of $834,323.00 and $17,641.00 worth of GoldCoin was traded on exchanges in the last 24 hours.
7402	Gold exports have also performed exceptionally well and are forecast to reach a record high of $31 billion in 2020-21, becoming Australia's third-largest commodity export behind iron ore and LNG.
7403	Gold has fallen of investors radars for now although its longer-term fundamentals point to much higher levels ahead.
7404	Goldman Sachs Group assumed coverage on Kimco Realty in a research note on Wednesday, July 1st.
7405	Goldman Sachs Group’s target price points to a potential downside of 17.15% from the stock’s current price.
7406	Gold rose by less than 1 per cent to $1,793 a troy ounce but remained around its lowest since early July.
7407	Goldsman called out one of Chabon’s attempts.
7408	Gollschewski said it was the first time a person had fled a police managed quarantine hotel while isolating, and an investigation was underway.
7409	Golwalkar, fondly remembered as Guruji, dedicated his life to the awakening of nationalistic sentiments rooted in the philosophy of Swami Vivekananda, Ramakrishna Paramahansa and Sri Aurobindo.
7410	Gone is his natural tendency to scrag and haul and instead he is now a knee bender, hitting with his shoulders square to the touchline and a leg drive to boot.
7411	Gonzalez says it is an unusual space for art.
7412	Gonzalez-Torres, who was born in Guáimaro, Cuba, in 1957 but left as a child, spent much of his career in New York.
7413	Good day, here are the latest ASUU news headlines updates for today, Sunday, December 2nd, 2020, on BizwatchNigeria.
7414	Goodell noted that Hornung was "instrumental in growing the popularity of the Packers and the National Football League."
7415	Good engineering is collaborative.
7416	Goodman Sone was a camper at Camp Ramah in Canada, and her three sons followed her through the camp experience, even after she and her family moved to Israel’s Ra’anana five years ago.
7417	Good morning and welcome to our live blog on the Covid-19 situation in Maharashtra.
7418	“Good morning everyone,” he said as he passed journalists in the courthouse hallway and paused for photos.
7419	“Good morning,” the yellow-shirted medical technician says to O’Brien as he stops his car in a lane to enter Gate 10 at the stadium.
7420	“Good not to be in Washington,” she told reporters.
7421	Good plans inspire and engage.
7422	Good talk by the coach as regards to being on the front foot and giving the fans entertaining football.
7423	Good things come to those who wait and good burgers are what The Burger Joint provides, along with a few sandwiches, salads, and tasty sides.
7424	Google Docs' Explore function allows you to perform advanced searches in a split-screen view and then insert images or text directly into your document.
7425	Google has abruptly pulled over 500 Chrome extensions from its Web Store that researchers discovered were stealing browsing data and executing click fraud and malvertising after installing themselves on the computers of millions of users.
7426	Google Pixel 4 Was $799, now from $696.22, Google Pixel 4XL was $899, now from $812.
7427	Google says it will no longer allow some autocomplete suggestions related to political candidates and the election, such as search predictions that could be viewed as making claims about the "the integrity or legitimacy of electoral processes."
7428	Go on, read through the comments on the Infinite Cooler's Indiegogo campaign, which blew through a March ship date with nothing to show for it.
7429	Goosen pulls in front thanks to a birdie on No. 8 and a bogey by Sabbatini on No. 9. Tiger falls two back with a bogey on No. 6. Oddly enough, after four birdies in his first eight holes, Goosen wouldn’t make another birdie the rest of the round.
7430	Goossen will cover theory and best practices for organic management of soils and crops, and Ethier and Goossen will take a virtual tour of Killdeer Croft Farm to discuss farm plantings.
7431	GoPublic Schools Fresno advises supports and advocates for parents of children in Fresno Unified.
7432	Gordon is survived by two sons.
7433	Gordon tied his career-high of 15 points against Drake and averages 9.5 points per game this season.
7434	Go small until you learn how to win.
7435	Got a sweet tooth that you just can’t shake?
7436	Got out of practice & heard the worst news.
7437	Go to volunteers.
7438	Gotta be authentic and get it right.
7439	Got The Greenlight, with Musi Yeni on board finished second and Do It Again couldn’t live up to his name, finishing third ahead of Golden Ducat and stable-mate Rainbow Bridge.
7440	Gov. Andrew Cuomo hasn't bullied other governors into needlessly joining New York in its misery.
7441	Governance expert Makhumbo Munthali in an interview yesterday said the board of Maneb should stick to the law and should not be dictated by what the President said.
7442	Government buildings will be lit up in the red, white and blue of the Union Jack.
7443	Government can't legislate you richer.
7444	Government decision-makers have tended to agree with the scientists they consult in judging what counts as acceptable risk and loss.
7445	Government figures have reacted angrily to the EU’s move, with Justice Minister Zbigniew Ziobro accusing the bloc of an “unlawful” decision.
7446	Government had earlier declared to sanction land for Mayur Park, but the file is gathering dust.
7447	Government has asked for data center industry risk assessments repeatedly since March, so it could marshall resources to make sure the national data infrastructure keeps running when the country needs it most.
7448	Government ministers, pressured on claims they haven't done enough to help care homes, insist care was 'not overlooked' during a scramble to protect the NHS.
7449	Government officials blamed the extraordinary delay on a lack of coordination between police in charge of databases relating to missing people and unidentified bodies.
7450	Government regulations require two-thirds of a centre's staff to have the early childhood education designation – which trains people how to teach young children – in order to be licenced.
7451	Governments have sought to limit the spread of the virus through lockdowns and travel restrictions, which have stalled economies and created a global recession.
7452	Governments should be looking at ‘securitising’ the health sector permanently.
7453	Governments should borrow for productive expenditure and manage proceeds from international bonds more prudently with integrity and transparency.
7454	Governor Abubakar Bello of Niger has inaugurated a 14-man judicial panel of inquiry, to investigate cases of police brutality and other related extrajudicial acts by the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) in the state.
7455	Governor Andrew Cuomo instituted a one percent cut for Medicaid on Dec. 31, taking effect immediately.
7456	Governor Andrew Cuomo said the Executive Order was issued out of concern for the health of young people in the state given a rapidly increasing number of reports of vaping illnesses and deaths.
7457	Governor Ayade immediately directed his Commissioner for Tourism and Culture to take over the project.
7458	“Governor Ben Ayade, please fulfil the house pledged players and officials of the U-17 World Cup-winning team by the Cross River State Government since 2013.
7459	Governor DeWine has no symptoms at the present time.”
7460	Governor Gboyega Oyetola told a news conference in Osogbo on Wednesday that he and his wife tested negative to the virus.
7461	Governor Hogan provided an update on the $175 million economic relief package he announced last week.
7462	Governor Jared Polis today signed an facilitating learning pods due to the presence of COVID-19.
7463	Governor Little has told KIDO Talk Radio that he is concerned that our neighboring Western States will not be able to help Idahoans due to their own limited resources.
7464	Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo state has chided Nigeria’s attorney-general and Justice Minister Abubakar Malami for declaring on the pages of newspapers the Western Nigeria Security Network illegal.
7465	Governor Wike said: “It is unfortunate that one Minister from the South-South said that Rivers State is being denied projects because of kidnapping.
7466	Gov. Gretchen Whitmer held a press conference Tuesday afternoon providing updates on the state’s response to COVID-19.
7467	Gov. Janet Mills has signed two bills into law that will affect the operation and potential closure of petroleum terminals and storage facilities in Maine.
7468	Gov. Jared Polis on Friday announced he plans to extend Colorado's statewide mask mandate for another 30 days as hospitalizations for the coronavirus continue to increase.
7469	Gov. Jim Justice requested the tests at the Moorefield plant.
7470	Gov. Reynolds says at this point, 1 in every 82 Iowans have been tested for COVID-19.
7471	Gov. Roy Cooper extended the North Carolina stay-at-home order until May 8--the order was initially set to expire on April 29. Cooper also announced a three-phase plan to reopen the state.
7472	Govt needs to sensitise home based citizens to understand the differences between them and those that live abroad.
7473	Grabar: That issue of municipal budgets is about to be pretty pressing in the longer term, if city schools lose their guidance counselors, if the bus only comes once every 20 minutes.
7474	Grab & Go Meals around town the week of March 30.”
7475	Grab the free trial now to see what it can do for you.
7476	Grade 7 to 12 students will move to online learning starting Monday, while K-6 students stay in class.
7477	Graduate students will continue to strike after Chancellor Kent Syverud lifted the interim suspensions filed agains… twitter.
7478	Grafton takes a 10-7 record into the district tournament.
7479	Graham County Manager Dustin Welker said will not see big changes, since most businesses were already working with the state to keep business open and running during the last few weeks as the county has “come close to achieving all benchmarks.”
7480	Graham Fuller, production manager at the firm, said: "If, as they claim, they did break into one of our hen-houses then they have breached bio-hazard security measures and put the health of the birds at risk.
7481	Grammer, a five-time Primetime Emmy winner, is repped by UTA and Vault Entertainment.
7482	Gramps has implemented socially distant seating on its outdoor patio.
7483	Granda has disputed Falwell’s characterization, saying that he would sometimes watch the couple having sex and knew of the relationship.
7484	Grand Forks Central was recognized for its Promotional Chapter Campaign and received a Thrive Level Award for the Chapter Membership Campaign.
7485	Grand Forks County census workers are being offered $18.
7486	Grand Forks was about 5.5 degrees colder than average.
7487	Grand Horizons, the Broadway debut of the celebrated off-Broadway writer Bess Wohl, centers on a golden-years divorce.
7488	Grand Slams will be my priority!
7489	Grand-Staircase Escalante was designated by President Bill Clinton in 1996.
7490	Granted, I’ve probably been doing a little more futzing around since I’m trying it out for the first time and that would probably die down after a bit.
7491	Granted, they couldn’t hold it, when Derrick Rose (27 points) rebounded, pushed and scored an equalizer with 1.9 seconds left to force OT.
7492	Grant plays Cassidy as shrewd but idealistic, pampered but solicitous.
7493	Grant reckons the investigation has unearthed more than 100 people who circulated Turnbull’s magnum opus before publication.
7494	“Gratitude is key,” she said.
7495	G-Raver and Stockage met at Hardcore Kingdom 3, and now you can watch it free for nothin’ on YouTube!
7496	Graveside services for Jerry Gross Huddleston, 67, of Cullman will be at 2 p.m. on Thursday, Oct. 22, 2020 at Hopewell Cemetery with Brandon Arndt officiating.
7497	'Great Divide' in our solar system between rocky inner planets and outer gas giants was caused by pressure.
7498	Great lesson in how to lose 50% of your business brought to you by pic.
7499	Great Minds Lessons: Download/print free Eureka Math curriculum materials.
7500	Great Southern Waste is required to respond by 2 March.
7501	Greece also is on the hook to repay the huge loans and so far has gotten only a relaxation of some requirements ordered by its creditors, the Troika of the European Union-European Central Bank-European Stability Mechanism (EU-ECB-ESM.
7502	Greece has prepared to welcome tourist flights to its island destinations for the first time in months, as it raced to salvage a tourism season shredded by the coronavirus pandemic.
7503	Greece is open, but tourists will have to be tested for coronavirus upon arrival.
7504	Greece will not be blackmailed.
7505	Greed beyond measure.
7506	Green Arrow’s team of super-spies—including the Question, Manhunter, Lois Lane, and Talia al Ghul—has infiltrated Leviathan—and that officially makes them members of Leviathan!
7507	GREENBURGH, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Westchester County had the fourth-highest early voting percentage of any county in the state.
7508	Green Chef is the only meal kit company to offset 100 percent of its direct carbon emissions and the plastic from every box sold.
7509	GREENE: And he actually mentioned President Obama while talking about the prospect of a brokered convention, if the party is not able to choose a nominee on the first round of voting in July.
7510	Greenery like eucalyptus, gypsophila and grasses will take just a week.
7511	GREENE: Some glimmers of hope.
7512	Greene, who has been a part of the effort to expand the Citizen Review Board, said expanding the board is another key step to establishing trust between police and Syracuse residents.
7513	Greenfield was born in Los Angeles but raised all over the country and the world — including Taiwan and Germany — thanks to his father’s job with the Air Force as a Tuskegee Airman.
7514	Greenleaf Trust now owns 3,759 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $373,000 after buying an additional 116 shares in the last quarter.
7515	GREENSBURG, Pa. (KDKA) – Greensburg police are preparing to say goodbye to one of their own after detective John Swank passed away this weekend.
7516	GreenUp Australia is the latest in a series of recent ICC environmental projects.
7517	Greg has extensive knowledge in the retail and technology industry, having held previous roles at i2/JDA, Saks, Inc. and Macy’s.
7518	Greg McBride, commodities broker with Allendale, offers insight into the latest discussion.
7519	Grice was the only councillor who opposed the amendment.
7520	Grid+ (CURRENCY:GRID) traded 10.3% lower against the dollar during the 1-day period ending at 0:00 AM E.T. on January 15th.
7521	Grille 26 and Bagel Boy have also helped serve tasty dishes to those on the front line the past few weeks.
7522	Grilled pineapple on the nose with no hint of botrytis, pear syrup flavors intermixed with saline minerality along the rich body that had a sustained, flavorful finish.
7523	Grill for 1 minute or until just starting to melt.
7524	Grimes’ lyrics have always been elliptical, which isn’t necessarily a problem unless you’ve promised to conjure a fully immersive allegory.
7525	Grimes recalls telling a friend that she was resolute to enroll in hair school.
7526	Grinding Gear Games announced Path of Exile 2 and Path of Exile Mobile in December, and it turns out players were already excited about the online action-role-playing game before any of these details.
7527	GRINGLAS: Yeah, so I actually asked everyone I talked to this question.
7528	Grin (GRIN) traded up 0% against the dollar and now trades at $0.47 or 0.00005144 BTC.
7529	GRIP has partnered with the nursing program at San Francisco State University to send nursing students with outreach teams to Richmond homeless encampments.
7530	Grocery stores are taking another step in trying to protect customers and their employees from coronavirus.
7531	Gronk will lead his team against another team led by tennis star Venus Williams.
7532	Gross exports are estimated to expand by 2.7 per cent in 2021, following a projected decline of 5.2 per cent this year.
7533	GROSS: How many states have universal vote by mail now?
7534	Ground has been broken on a downtown stadium, Colorado College is getting a new hockey arena, development continues in every corner of the city, job growth is steady and there are rumors swirling of new companies coming and investing bigly.
7535	Group camping, shelters and amphitheaters will remain closed through June 30.
7536	Groupon Inc., down $1.35 to $1.
7537	• Groups engaged with tackling extremists warn that anti-vaccination conspiracy theories provide a recruiting ground for the far right.
7538	Groups often become as close as family during their careers (occasionally they even really family), but sometimes, the onstage appearance that everyone is filled with love for each other turns out to be a farce.
7539	Groupthink and doublethink prevailed absent a skeptic to contest the assumptions underlying the wargames.
7540	Growing up in Dobson, Clifton said he attended Copeland Elementary School, where the acting bug first bit him.
7541	Growth in advanced economies is strengthening.
7542	Growth outlook unchanged: Of the Covid-19 support package of 10% of GDP, liquidity measures account for 4% of GDP, while fiscal/financial/other measures amount to 6.5% of GDP.
7543	GRTC officials are working closely with the Virginia Department of Health to quarantine staff as needed to contain any possible spread of the virus, they said in a statement.
7544	Gruber is also continuing with his plans to relocate the current store to a much larger space at 1743 Post Oak in mid 2021.
7545	Gruden also met the band, which returns to Park MGM on May 20 for a seven-show set in its “Deuces Are Wild” residency.
7546	“Grumpy Crestie is a crested barbet and they occur in most suburban gardens especially in Joburg.
7547	Guards were required to check on Barlow-Austin face-to-face every 30 minutes, but didn’t do so.
7548	Guerrero has obtained a lead order of $3 million for the Private Placement.
7549	Guests staying at the Shelborne South Beach (rooms from $299) enjoy same-day delivery (about $10), concierge unpacking and free return shipping.
7550	Guest stars in year 15 include Jane Lynch, Patton Oswalt, Ron Perlman, Craig Robinson, Criss Angel, and Bill Nye.
7551	Guidelines are out for the Coronavirus Food Assistance Program that will give direct payments to farmers impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic.
7552	Guidelines from Keep Pennsylvania Beautiful, as well as from neighboring townships, would help with the program’s implementation.
7553	Guidewire Software had a net margin of 0.03% and a return on equity of 2.01%.
7554	Guillory points out that even though some nurses have taken sick leave, others continue to work while displaying mild symptoms—like a dry cough or loss of their sense of smell—because qualifying for a test requires an individual to have a fever.
7555	Gujarat HC declares BJP minister Bhupendrasinh Chudasama's win in 2017 Assembly polls as void for indulging in 'corrupt practices'
7556	Gujarat reported its highest single-day spike in Covid-19 cases on Sunday – 1,335 – taking the state tally to 1,04,532.
7557	Gulnara Karimova, the daughter of Ubekistan’s former president, owns or controls the portfolio, which was frozen by a London court in 2017 at the request of the Serious Fraud Office due to possible corruption.
7558	Gundari Karthik, 28, hailing from Shantinagar Colony had accompanied his friend to the liquor shop for a late night drink.
7559	Gunders pointed out how far-reaching the impact of COVID-19 is on the food supply chain and how it has affected farmers, processors and manufacturers, distributors, grocery retail, and restaurants and food service.
7560	Gunk is a technical term for cells and other stuff.
7561	Gunshots In Villa: Buhari Has Lost Control Of His Home, Wife, Country.
7562	Guoyu added that Chinese Embassy would continue to work hard to promote the development of China-Malawi relations.
7563	Gushing over her residential purchase she told OK!
7564	Guterres said the theme of this year’s commemoration, “Confronting Slavery’s Legacy of Racism Together”, underscored the “strong role” racism continued to play in today’s world.
7565	"Gutted you’ve gone but you’ll never be forgotten!
7566	Guyana looks forward to working with Suriname to ensure greater respect for democratic norms and values,” President Ali said.
7567	Guys can become so resentful of homosexuality, homo preferences, homo love and “gay” all being feminizing.
7568	Guys never swipe left, do they?
7569	Guy was predeceased by his parents and his brother, Timothy.
7570	GXChain (CURRENCY:GXC) traded down 2.6% against the US dollar during the 1-day period ending at 23:00 PM Eastern on December 4th.
7571	Gyms will remain open, but Dr Spurrier warned SA our lives would change and everyone “had a part to play”.
7572	Haas Park, Columbus Park, Davis Square Park and Rowan Park have reopened.
7573	Habitat for Humanity of Broward dedicated the Bob and Sherry Taylor Park which houses the JM Family KaBOOM!
7574	Hackers were able to view the nickname, date of birth, gender, country, and email address of those affected.
7575	Had I incurred a cost when I decided to stop relying on my body?
7576	“Had it been 2-3 challans, we would have been careful in future.
7577	Hadleigh Dill scored 20 points for the Jets on Thursday.
7578	Hadly Tucker fought her teammate Bruce for the top spot in the girls 20 freestyle.
7579	Had the Loyal continued with Wednesday night's match and won, there was a good chance they would have made the playoffs.
7580	Had the Pixel 3a launched earlier this year, it might have been a different story, but now it’s up against several big-name competitors with much more powerful camera hardware.
7581	Had they known about his itinerary to Beirut, Suleimani and Nasrallah would have been primary targets.
7582	• Had travelled overseas during past three months, are advised not to donate blood.
7583	Hagrid also accidentally tells the trio a clue about what Fluffy is protecting.
7584	Ha ha, we're all doomed.
7585	Hailing from Siwan (Bihar), he had done MA (History) from AMU and came to Mumbai over two decades ago.
7586	Hailstones the size of golf balls follow the fire.
7587	Hail to the Redskins!
7588	Hair salons, movie theaters, and large venues are all excluded.
7589	Hair tied in a bun and a matte make-up palette rounded out her look well.
7590	Haitians, some wearing face masks, crowded supermarkets and street markets buying food, water and cooking gas on the first day of an 8 p.m. to 5 a.m. curfew.
7591	Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development made the disclosure in a statement by her Special Assistant on Media, Mr Salisu Dambatta on Tuesday in Abuja.
7592	Halak was off his angle, but Laughton’s shot may have even beaten the netminder if he was positioned correctly.
7593	Halep, who won the title in 2015, had saved a match point before overcoming Ons Jabeur in their previous round, and she was again taken to three sets by Sabalenka.
7594	Half of the instrument is the original, but it boasts a modern neck.
7595	Half of them came in the last five days, indicating an accelerating death toll.
7596	Half the world praying for their failure, the other half cheering them on as social revolutionaries whose marriage is bigger than love itself."
7597	Hall and Franklin are both Democrats.
7598	Hall of Fame outfielder (December 19, 1934-April 6, 2020) played his entire 22-season career for the Detroit Tigers.
7599	Halloween meals at outdoor restaurants, Halloween-themed art installations at outdoor museums and dressing up homes and yards with decorations are still allowed — provided they comply with countywide COVID-19 protocols.
7600	Halo 3 would later drop the ammo even more but give the gun range.
7601	HALO, a team led by Dr Craig Rochford, inventor of the life-saving Epipen, is supported by top medics such as Sir Walter Bodmer and Professor Karol Sikora.
7602	Halsey was "in shock" after she found out her debut poetry book had made it onto the New York Times Best Sellers list.
7603	Hamilton has pulled a 23 second gap on Verstappen.
7604	Hamilton is not considered to be a serious possibility.
7605	Hamilton subsequently deleted all of his stories on Instagram, and issued a clarification that he is not against vaccinations and had not seen the comment that was added to the video.
7606	Hamish Bennett has been recalled to New Zealand’s squad for the first time in almost three years for the five-match Twenty20 series against India due to injuries to Trent Boult, Matt Henry and Lockie Ferguson.
7607	'Hammer blow to small businesses'
7608	Hampshire Trust Bank offers the best short-term fixed rate cash Isas Is it a safe spot for your cash?
7609	HAMPSTEAD, Md. (WJZ) — The Office of the Maryland State Fire Marshal is investigating after a house fire in Carroll County caused $350,000 worth of damage.
7610	Ħamrun Spartans have named Andrea Ciaramella as their new head coach.
7611	Handler Nolan, who sent out Latest Exhibition to finish second in the Grade 1 Albert Bartlett Novices’ Hurdle at Cheltenham the previous week, should sample further success with Fine Theatre between now and the end of the season.
7612	Hand sanitizer and disinfectant wipes can be found throughout the library and should be used by students utilizing the study room in order for this environment to remain safe for everyone.
7613	Hands should also be washed for 20 seconds before eating.
7614	Hank Stram was even better.
7615	Hanks was surprised to hear Priscilla had mostly positive thoughts.
7616	Hanks‘ wife, the actress Rita Wilson, also appeared shocked by the joke.
7617	Hanley lauded residents for “innumerable acts of kindness and consideration.
7618	Hanley said the territory seems like it's been successful in containing the Watson Lake outbreak.
7619	Hannah Kelley led the team going 1-for-3 with a double.
7620	Hanna Kostseva was in court when her two brothers, Stanislaw and Ilya, aged 19 and 21, were sentenced to death for murder.
7621	Hanna Reiff finished with 14 digs.
7622	Hanover Township police found the Toyota parked on Saint Marys Road at South Main Street where Vasquez-Vittini was lying on the pavement covered in blood.
7623	Hanson & Doremus Investment Management grew its position in shares of Baxter International by 2.4% in the first quarter.
7624	Hanson is good-natured but grew up uneducated and is bored by high society.
7625	Han voted in Kaohsiung, where he is mayor.
7626	Happy early Mother’s Day to the new mommy.
7627	“Happy happy birthday baby K❣️You are such a light in this world and I am so SO proud of you!
7628	Happy Mothers Day Remember mothers are angels sent down from Heaven to look after us and protect us Mo… https://t.
7629	Harare nurses have written to council health services director Prosper Chonzi advising him that they could not continue with their duties without protective clothing.
7630	Hardaway made a payment to Wiseman’s mom in 2017, but since he had already made donations to Memphis, he was considered a booster.
7631	Hardaway spoke these words after the Tigers beat Tulane on December 30th for their 10th straight win (and first in American Athletic Conference play).
7632	Hardly a carpenter, the father of eight searched online and found a simple design for desks that cost about $24 to build.
7633	Hardly a day goes by without his being told to “go back to where he came from” – which he sometimes points out as the road round the corner from this restaurant.
7634	Hardy Realty’s open house gallery for Sunday: Three homes for your review including two in Rome and one in Mentone, Ala.
7635	Hardy said the 25-bed hospital could have substantially more capacity for COVID-19 patients because of everything it has done to prepare.
7636	Hardy says they are currently reviewing the decision and hope to have further discussion.
7637	Hark back to Seattle's grungy, flannel-clad roots with Washington's own Mister Master, Dogstrum, and Prize Fighters.
7638	Harlan County (22-10) featured a balance offensive attack, led by senior guard Taylor Spurlock, who celebrated his 19th birthday with an 18-point effort.
7639	HARLEM, N.Y., Aug 12, 2020 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- When the pandemic hit, certified lifestyle coach Marci Kenon was knee deep in serving her Harlem community, specifically targeting the marginalized and underserved sectors.
7640	Harnish, of Orono, has been coming to the camp for about 10 years.
7641	Harold Hamm: The oil tycoon is the longest serving governor in North Dakota history, a stretch that has spanned the terms of lieutenant governors Hoeven, Jack Dalrymple and Doug Burgum.
7642	Harold Johnson, sold Treu to Laramie County for $1 to be the new jail K9.
7643	Harper and the panel shared the big changes made for this season, including the news there was an aftercare package that was enhanced versus what it was in past seasons.
7644	Harper graduated from being a coach on NBC’s old version of “The Biggest Loser” to hosting USA’s reboot, which premieres later this year.
7645	Harper Lee called Horton Foote’s 1962 film adaptation of her book “one of the best translations of a book to film ever made” – whether or not you agree as heartily as Lee, it’s worth watching.
7646	Harrell would later fire Combs, who went on to found Bad Boy Records — taking Biggie with him.
7647	Harris’ 3 pushed the lead to 115-108, and Irving found Allen for an alley-oop and nine-point cushion.
7648	HARRISBURG (KDKA) – Today is the day.
7649	Harrison, however, didn’t discuss his party or potential control of the chamber, but kept his focus in the debate squarely on Graham’s record in Washington and argued he had not delivered for the state.
7650	Harris was lauded by the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Sports, the Honourable Shawn Richards, who noted the footballer’s commitment to family and friends, as well as his local community and homeland, is commendable and should be emulated.
7651	Harry and Meghan claimed in their recent transition detail update that their digital channels would be refreshed with a new name come spring 2020.
7652	Harry and Meghan may despise everything about the royal life — the endless scrutiny, the boring engagements, all those fixed smiles for the peasants when they could be hanging out with Oprah and the Obamas and the Clooneys.
7653	Harry emphasized that everyone needs to examine their unconscious attitude towards race.
7654	Harry, however, still blames the media for his mother’s death, and since meeting his wife — the former actress Meghan Markle — he has become less willing to play the game.
7655	Harry is equally responsible for this week’s announcement, an insider told The Post, despite blame being pointed at his wife.
7656	Harry, now 35, was elated after meeting Meghan, 38, on a blind date in London's Soho House in the summer of 2016.
7657	Harry Potter Wizards Unite players are in for a surprise Dragon Week event instead of the planned Battle of the Department of Mysteries event.
7658	Harry's journey toward this moment is more of an intramural, national one.
7659	Harsh, but at least he’s calling it.
7660	Hart has his Quibi series “Die Hart” and will next be seen in the dramedy “Fatherhood.”
7661	Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) have sued the Trump administration over a measure that bans foreign students from staying in the country if their classes are held exclusively online next Fall.
7662	Harvard Health Publishing, those who cook at home are more likely to eat a healthier diet and less likely to develop health problems.
7663	Harvard on Monday said it will invite first-year students to live on campus, but classes will stay online.
7664	Harvey got in touch with her bank and learned the stimulus money was sent back to the IRS.
7665	Harvey Nichols has joined the legion of luxury London retailers that have shut their doors as the spreads across the U.K. Earlier on Thursday, Liberty said it would close at 5 p.m. on March 20 for “at least” three weeks.
7666	Has anyone heard of a plan that would use the crisis for necessary economical change or how the government will handle a green and digital revolution?"
7667	Has had 200% more alcohol-drinking experiences than THIS guy?
7668	Has it been a good experience?
7669	Hast asked if Young looked in the trash - apparently to see if a needle was there.
7670	Has Tevet been able to recruit the right numbers of people to address its objectives since there is a high illiteracy level in the country?
7671	Hats off to our hard working police in these particularly tough times for them.
7672	Hats will help protect your skin from the sun, along with sunscreen.
7673	Haueisen entered the contest needing just two points to reach the milestone and made quick work of hitting the mark.
7674	Haulofu said to this effect, the City of Windhoek identified 9 informal areas which are ready for electrification.
7675	Have a great weekend and stay weather aware on Saturday night!
7676	Have doctors found a coronavirus wonder drug?
7677	Have fun with your comic.
7678	Have Gigi and Bella Hadid had plastic surgery?
7679	HAVERTOWN, Pa. (CBS) — A nail salon owner is recovering after police say he and his family were tied up and held at gunpoint during a robbery.
7680	Have some great shots of in and around Calgary or southern Alberta?
7681	Have you been thinking about switching up your furniture?
7682	Have you considered this pandemic may be the same power that brought pestilence and plagues to Egypt as described in Exodus, the second book of the Bible?
7683	Have you ever heard of an idea as bad as that?
7684	Have you seen one of these in Acadiana?
7685	Have you seen Toffee?
7686	Having an evil president doesn’t make the United States evil.
7687	Having a proven driving sex-distorter opens a new avenue for scientists to develop genetic vector controls of malaria with the aim of eradicating the disease.”
7688	Having five options like that instead of just one or two is the hallmark of a team that historically has thrived for Brad Stevens.
7689	'Having looked carefully into what is being proposed, my assessment is that the current proposals for screening the City of Liverpool using SARS-CoV-2 rapid tests are not fit for purpose.'
7690	Having not won a piece of silverware in nine years, the pressure was certainly on for Wenger as Arsenal took on Hull City at Wembley.
7691	“Having passed Spain, as it was flying over the Balearic Sea, the Boeing 747 turned around and headed back to the UK, where the flight landed approximately 6:45 pm (UTC).
7692	Having reached the inaugural finals of the competition in Portugal last year, the Three Lions are on course to fall just short of the second edition following October's shock 1-0 home loss to Denmark.
7693	Having witnessed the disintegration of the Auschwitz memorial site, Lauder, 765, established conservation laboratories to preserve the evidence of the Nazi murder of 1.1 million Jews carried out there.
7694	Having won the Games in 2013, Japan said it would symbolise rebirth after the Mar 11, 2011 earthquake and tsunami that killed around 18,000 people and triggered a meltdown at a nuclear power plant.
7695	Hawaiian Electric issued a media release on Monday, announcing a $27,5000 grant to Ka ʻAhahui ʻo Ka Nāhelehele, which helps sustain ʻōhiʻa by collecting and preserving seeds.
7696	Hawaii vs. Houston(-12.5) at Frisco, TX(2): This looks high.
7697	Hawkins said he was not aware that the documents released Thursday could lead to the loss of the school, though several years ago he saw a map at a rail authority community meeting that showed the site in the way of the rail.
7698	HBO released four new trailers for the upcoming third season of „Westworld.“
7699	HDFC Bank was the top gainer, Axis Bank, HDFC, and ICICI Bank followed close.
7700	He accentuated that it’s a privilege for a whole Sarkodie to give him a lift.
7701	He acknowledged that African Americans have sometimes been victimized by police brutality, but later said: “The truth is, our nation’s arc always bends back toward fairness.
7702	He acknowledged the enthusiasm among reporters, but believed that enthusiasm deficient in an understanding of tenets of journalism cannot optimally serve public good.
7703	He actually received a substantial push for much of the past year.
7704	Head coach Larry Lee cycled through four Cal Poly pitchers before the inning came to a close.
7705	He added, “Academic work has showed us that the return of special purpose acquisition companies is not only bad relative to the stock market, it’s even worse than initial public offerings.
7706	He added all stakeholders should collectively aim to tap into the blue ocean economy and should take note that the Atlantic Ocean is crucial for economic growth and food production.
7707	He added: "It is not the responsibility of electricity customer or community to buy, replace or repair electricity apparatus such as transformers, poles, cables and related equipment used in the supply of electricity.
7708	He added: 'It's essential we get clarity from the Government as soon as possible on what the public can and can't do in this targeted lockdown.
7709	He added: “I’ve lost two people that I was fond of so I understand what a difficult time this is for the country.”
7710	He added that all of the suspects were subsequently arrested for further action.
7711	He added that he thinks it’s time provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry “adopts a mask policy and really takes a firmer position on mask-wearing.”
7712	He added, that the Haryana Open Schools will also be functional on February 21, 22 and 23 as well which are otherwise off days.
7713	He added that the president’s insistence on ensuring the right thing is done during the election has deepened the nation’s democracy.
7714	He added that these mark sheets are being checked and verified.
7715	He added that the work for the flyover and underpass at Atul Kataria Chowk may be completed by the end of the year.
7716	He added that "University of Osaka" was already recognized abroad as Osaka University, and could be confusing for overseas universities, as well as when citing for research papers.
7717	He added: 'The worry that I've got is that this Budget will not deliver what we need in terms of the NHS.
7718	He added: "This will be the last free election we have and I predicted it on 2 Nov on the Steve Bannon Show!"
7719	He added, "We all have different stories.
7720	He added: “We are in a race against time to slow the virus,” Legault said.
7721	He adds that directly reaching consumers helps because “customer stickiness is greater.
7722	He adds that he also has "detailed documentation" of Naik's land dealings in CIDCO (City and Industrial Development Corporation of Maharashtra).
7723	He adds that while work-wise there has not been any major change, he feels that things are not the same since everybody has the apprehension of being infected.
7724	Heads furtively turning from side to side, first they scan the area to ensure that the coast is clear.
7725	Head to the farmer’s market and be motivated to bake blueberry muffins.
7726	He affectionately held Maureen's hand while the two chatted, before Charles could be seen sharing a laugh with the patient.
7727	He agreed to mentor me, I told my sister I couldn’t pass on that opportunity and she said to me‘you have to be a success; you are not allowed to fail at this’.
7728	He also admitted that he contemplated suicide following her passing.
7729	He also advocated for all street-level officers to have their firearms taken away, and for only allowing trained specialists on police forces to respond with deadly weapons when there was clearly no other choice.
7730	He also argues that rape is increasing due to moral decadence.“
7731	He also called for justice for those who lost their lives while protesting against the disbanded Police unit.
7732	He also chairs the assembly’s Public Accounts Committee, which scrutinises expenditure by the Labour-run Welsh Government and other public bodies.
7733	He also challenged the EFCC to publish the details of the said property it marked and seized from him, emphasizing that the property marked had been acquired by him about twenty years ago.
7734	He also claimed that the landlord had tried to evict them on numerous occasions.
7735	He also converted nearly 54% of his total field goal attempts.
7736	He also criticised NCP chief Sharad Pawar for keeping quiet on the issue.
7737	He also decentralized the ROW acquisition functions and delegated the duties and responsibilities to various implementing units.
7738	“He also didn’t bring in his own coaches, he kept the very good Dutch coaches we had at the club.
7739	He also explained all the tight restrictions he and his fellow commentators would have through the eight weeks of IPL commentary.
7740	He also explained that both students emphasized a tough workload and that teachers were also doing the best that they could with the new conditions.
7741	He also had 146 bouts fewer than Brit Bird, meaning his KO percentage was much higher at 59 per cent.
7742	He also had Kaley agreeing that “vegetable porn” is “the best porn.”
7743	He also has an MBA from Wright State University in Human Resource Management and Finance, and a Master of Science Degree in Tourism and Project Management from the University of the West Indies.
7744	He also heads the Field Ornithology Group of Sri Lanka (), the local affiliate of BirdLife International.
7745	He also held several key technical roles in IBM Software and IBM Research, where he pioneered IBM’s security software business.
7746	He also highlighted that the Centre is working with states for easier labour law, soft launch of land bank portal and a real single-window clearance for investments.
7747	He also lashed out at Ramaphosa for not acting against Mamphiswana sooner, adding that the allegations surfaced several months ago through a report put together by advocate Smanga Sethene.
7748	He also makes me feel very tall — and needed.”
7749	He also mentioned that foreign investment should also go to India only on the Indian terms.
7750	He also noted that Markel is prepared for elevated litigation expenses related to business interruption claims in both the U.S. and abroad.
7751	He also notes that “in 2000, BHE was serving an agricultural-based economy; today, three of its five largest customers are high-tech giants.”
7752	He also raised the possibility of quotas for US products, saying this had been discussed amongst Swiss and US trade representatives but “there is still a lot to be done”.
7753	He also said his girlfriend left him after he voted for Trump in 2016.
7754	He also said if the generated power is not evacuated from its source, Nigeria will lose about 120 gigawatts of power, equivalent to $9 million dollars in a year.
7755	He also said KDKA took his quotes out of context when he said people who use hand sanitizer were “pansies.”
7756	He also said that most of those that have tested positive are those that hardly stay at home and are involved in employment that require regular travelling or are involved in business activities which rendered them to regular public exposure.
7757	He also said that the 35-year-old has "never been able to shake his discomfort at not being 'normal.'
7758	He also said there's no substitute for in-person learning.
7759	He also said, "These standards will be as high and as strong as there is on Earth."
7760	He also served on the Soil Conservation Board many years.
7761	He also spent time playing for San Diego, Cincinnati, Milwaukee, and both New York baseball teams.
7762	He also spoke about the EU assistance to the Eastern Partnership countries in connection with the COVID-19 outbreak and the prospects for the ratification of the Belarus-EU visa facilitation and readmission agreements amid the current difficult situation.
7763	He also stated what the screening process was like, and why it took so long for them to be let off the island.
7764	He also stays in touch with his gymnastics students.
7765	He also stressed on organising Financial Literacy Awareness Camps in coordination with Banks and Government Departments on a regular basis.
7766	He also studies economic mobility and the Austrian school of economics.
7767	He also teaches writing at the University of California-Los Angeles.
7768	He also took to his blog to share his feelings of meeting the three superstar sons of three iconic legends - Nagarjun, son Akkineni Nageshwara Rao, Telugu; Shivraj Kumar, son Dr Raaj Kumar, Kannada; Prabhu, son Shivaji Ganesan, Tamil.
7769	He also urged the graduands to work harder, read wider and fly with more precision in order to satisfy quest for knowledge of their students and set the right example.
7770	He also wanted to remind the public that an assembly-wide update will take place at 5:30 p.m. on Monday.
7771	He also wonders what the financial burden might be for the potential 40-plus name changes.
7772	Health authorities detected the majority of new cases in the regions.
7773	Health authorities have been telling us to cut back on sodium for years.
7774	Health authorities reported more than 77,600 new cases on July 17, according to the Johns Hopkins University database.
7775	Health authorities said no coronavirus cases were reported at the holy sites during the hajj, one of the five pillars of Islam and a must for able-bodied Muslims at least once in their lifetime.
7776	Health authorities said the Somali man’s contacts were being traced and all would be quarantined, while extensive coronavirus tests were being conducted on the camp’s residents.
7777	Health Cabinet Secretary Mutahi Kagwe said it is the largest number recorded on a single day, and has warned of an upward trajectory in new infections.
7778	Health care and social assistance regained two-thirds of its lost jobs, with a rebound of 18,700 jobs over the past three months.
7779	Health care is the most essential and basic human right.
7780	Health clubs in New Mexico and have been linked to a small number of virus cases.
7781	Health experts attribute the higher rate among women and girls in Africa to deep gender inequalities, which often leave them more vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
7782	Health experts believe diabetes represents an underlying health condition that places people at greater risk of developing Covid-19.
7783	Health experts have said that herd immunity from the coronavirus is likely impossible, since antibodies developed by those who have it often wear off after several months.
7784	Health Minister Adrian Dix was joined by provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry for the announcement, which was made in Vancouver.
7785	Health Minister Dr. Iferemi Waqainabete outside Parliament on March 26, 2020.
7786	Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize during the Inter-Ministerial Committee dealing with coronavirus in South Africa.
7787	Health Minister Greg Hunt said the app would help ensure the more than 500 cases with an unknown source did not increase as Australia continued to “flatten the curve”.
7788	Health Minister Yuli Edelstein tweets against anti-government protesters, calling them virus spreaders and saying that they will soon be clamped down on.
7789	Health officials keep telling us how important it is to maintain ‘social distance’ to help slow the spread of coronavirus.
7790	Health officials say a total of 30,172 people have been infected with COVID-19.
7791	Health officials say the request for testing is being made out of an abundance of caution.
7792	Health officials warned that those numbers will continue to increase and could overwhelm the system if nothing is done to slow the spread.
7793	Health officials wearing protective gear spray disinfectant in a classroom at a high school in Seoul.
7794	Health Promotion and Education Officer at the Westmoreland Health Department, Gerald Miller.
7795	Health secretary Jeane Freeman has been asked to provide further details of the review on costs.
7796	Health Secretary Matt Hancock has been seen wearing a mask while visiting a hospital, while Culture Secretary Oliver Dowden also wore one while attending a gallery this week.
7797	Health Secretary Matt Hancock said this was an instruction, not a request, and that otherwise more people would die.
7798	Health systems have already been ravaged by violence, and the threat of further strain on health care from the coronavirus is an enormous risk.
7799	Health workers and Covid patients perform Yoga at a Covid center attached with LNJP Hospital in New Delhi.
7800	He always got to the root of every case.
7801	He always had a great sense of humour … He would sit in the studio with us musicians and make every session a complete joy.”
7802	He always had everybody in mind before himself, anything that would help the next person.
7803	He always loved spending time with Cathy, but their time in Branson was very special.
7804	“He always told me, ‘Everybody wants to start out on top,’” Robbie Silverman said.
7805	“He always tried to push me towards joining because of the way he is living after the military,” Rodriguez said.
7806	He and Eagle knew each other a bit while Van Gundy was a coach and executive, most recently for the Detroit Pistons, and Eagle thinks he’ll bring a wealth of information, knowledge, insight, and some humor and levity to their games together.
7807	He and his cohorts raid the place repeatedly and destructively, for no good reason.
7808	He and his girlfriend split up and he returned to his homeland.
7809	He and his pals can, however, throw enough logs in the road to force voters into risking their lives in the midst of a pandemic to get to the polls and cast a ballot.
7810	He and the many others who lived and died with the creed, that others may live, will not be forgotten.
7811	He angers audiences by suggesting maybe it's time to stop having children.
7812	He announced that the UK is ready to share its knowledge and practices in terms of nurse training with all partners across the world.
7813	He appeared to walk that back after being shamed by his ex-girlfriend Chelsea Handler.
7814	He applauded the resilience of local businesses in the northern part of the country for persevering despite the harsh economic realities.
7815	Hear Bring Me the Horizon, Yungblud Team Up on New Song ‘Obey’
7816	Hear Dave talk about the scientist Oppenheimer here.
7817	He argued that a foreign power, be it an ally or not, should not be able to dictate the country’s economic and foreign policies or run bases on Australian soil.
7818	Hearing her sing the line, "you should be living out your dreams / but you're tearing at the seams" seemed particularly poignant this year as we're all struggling to find balance in our lives.
7819	Hearing that he's sick with a potentially life-threatening illness is a huge wake-up call, and he feels guilty about not being closer to home right now."
7820	HEARTBREAKING pictures show Kobe Bryant coaching his daughter Gianna at a youth basketball session a day before they died in a helicopter crash.
7821	Hearts of Oak on the other hand coming back from a defeat against their bitterest rivals will be looking to get back on track after that defeat.
7822	Heart-stopping video shows a group of Russian farmers rescuing a group of horses after they fell into water through unstable ice.
7823	He asked me to rewrite it so that it avoided sexist references, like the mention of Ferraro’s shoes and “gams.”
7824	He asked that Sisolak reconsider his decision.
7825	He asked the contractor to consider hiring people from Nkhotakota for non-technical work in the project.
7826	He asked to convince Bill that when Galactus did die, it would take out all life within 42 light years.
7827	Heâ€™s not good enough to be on an NFL team, period.
7828	He assured that the lawmakers would consider and pass the budget early enough to facilitate continued development of Rivers State.
7829	Heather Horn recently gave birth on April 18 to Violet Delilah Mary, her first daughter, who weighed 10 lbs, 11 oz and was 21 inches long at birth.
7830	He attacked the cat right in front of us,” said Kay Houghton, a local real estate agent.
7831	He attended Piche School there and after a series of moves, including to a farm near Grayson, Melville, and Vancouver, BC, he happily settled back in Melville; he was very proud to call Melville his home.
7832	He attributes this to prejudice against his biracial identity.
7833	Heat unit accumulation (DD60s) for five days after planting, he adds, is an excellent guide to evaluate planting conditions (Table 2).
7834	“Heavy bursts” of rain and winds of up to 50mph in the west are also forecast for Wednesday.
7835	He basically gets the colour and the shade right.
7836	He becomes Thena’s de facto partner when the events of the past exile them from the rest of the team.
7837	He began acting with the Belfry Players of Williams Bay, Wisconsin and trained at HB Studio in New York City.
7838	He began his career in the late 90’s as the sales leader for newly constructed Assisted Living Communities in Florida.
7839	He began negotiating a withdrawal plan with the EU but immediately experienced problems building support for a Brexit path forward.
7840	He believed the preventive measures had been successful in delaying the peak of the epidemic in Mozambique and thus protecting the national health system.
7841	Hebert finds that joking about national tragedies is difficult.
7842	He briefly mentioned the Supreme Court case Employment Division v. Smith and Congress’s passage of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993.
7843	He broke the order, Michelle went back to him.
7844	He called a friend and was taken to the hospital in Newnan, where he was told the same thing as at urgent care.
7845	He called Bob Woodward's book, for which he gave interviews, a "hit job."
7846	He called on the Red Cross and other international humanitarian organizations to intervene and get Israel to release bodies of dead Palestinian prisoners to be buried by their families.
7847	He called upon Malawians to participate in public procurement projects happening in their areas and monitor the quality of projects.
7848	He came onto the show as a homeless teenager.
7849	He came out with Santana, Ortiz, and Sammy Guevara as his song played and pyro blasted.
7850	He came to the U.S. from Dakar, Senegal, as a 16-year-old, with a special visa, a high school scholarship and the opportunity to play a mostly unfamiliar sport: basketball.
7851	He cannot be breastfed the proper way, so we have to hand feed him with the milk bottle.'
7852	He can still launch back into the main event picture by being a professional and helping Kross get to the top tier spot he also belongs in. Ciampa will look good by helping make Kross look good.
7853	He captioned it: "When WFH goes wrong (or, your self-framed live shot goes too wide).
7854	He cares so much about the person that's wearing the look and bringing out something in them."
7855	He carries on the Huskies’ golf tradition after the program was dropped last year.
7856	He challenged members of the party to should see 2021 in Anambra as a major project.
7857	He chose to do that and made a decision, he should choose another girl & let Madi go.
7858	He circulated the whole picture without editing.
7859	He claimed both Rhea and Showik have never consumed drugs and were willing to take a drug test.
7860	He claimed the comment was “even more foolish when considered against the background of the UK’s remarkable contribution” to Gavi, the international vaccine alliance.
7861	He claims it’s “not enough to merely enjoy their agony and humiliation.
7862	He cleaned up his language in deference to San Fran Gran.
7863	He clearly doesn’t want a serious relationship.
7864	He clocked 10.2 for the 100, and 22.00 for the 220 in 1913.
7865	He commerce, ships, and bases to three “links” in a sea-power “chain.”
7866	He completed his post graduation at NID followed by a stint at the Basel School, Switzerland.
7867	He confirmed that safety measures have been implemented to make sure the virus doesn’t spread.
7868	“He confused me with a few things when he joined the stable, but he is a nice horse,” Hickmott said.
7869	He coughed in the direction of the officers, said "I have coronavirus" and that he wanted someone to touch him.
7870	He could have stayed there and ran the country.
7871	"He could not be more wrong about his opinion by any stretch of the means."
7872	He could not continue his studies as he had to become the provider of the family from a young age.
7873	He couldn’t have said it better!
7874	He could've coasted through the rest of the series just being the stern, sleepyhead that he was.
7875	He’d be ‘s No. 4 wide receiver option at best as the ultimate gadget guy.
7876	He decided to reveal the news while speaking off-the-cuff during a press conference after a round-table meeting with leaders of the restaurant industry about reopening amid the pandemic.
7877	He declared that his week-long stay in a villa on the island of Mustique was a £15,000 gift from a wealthy businessman.
7878	He declined to comment on test results at other local places of employment.
7879	He described it as a rollercoaster and was glad to reach the end as fatigue took hold.
7880	He described it as discrimination in payment of wages since state workers have been paid 100% for month of March 2020.
7881	He described Staunton as “vulnerable” and said he was concerned that during her evidence via video link from her New York home she was interrupted by a man telling her: “Tell them what you are supposed to tell them.”
7882	Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 70.59% of the company’s stock.
7883	He’d get off to a slow start in terms of appearances and at-bats, but by 1986 he started picking up steam.
7884	He did a cash deal that day at his work, and had the stack of cash on a dresser.
7885	He did eventually return to film, but his roles were much more indie with a clear preference for a specific style.
7886	He did not invent the notion that brazen lies can buy you a delusional base.
7887	He did not live to see his three-month-old daughter.
7888	He did not make the executive order for selfish reasons rather for the protection of the lives of citizens which includes the hotelier and his so called family."
7889	He didn’t go to the CDC for guidance.”
7890	He didn't have any reason for wanting to leave his wife, who he had been married to for decades, and this storyline didn't add up for fans.
7891	He didn’t just talk about those things.
7892	He didn’t know that officials decided to fly back coronavirus-infected Americans aboard planes with hundreds of others who had tested negative, with Trump when he learned the news.
7893	He didn’t make any headway and the reaction was not one he was hoping for.
7894	He didn’t produce spectacular golf in the last 18 holes but he kept his two-stroke lead as he got to the 18th tee.
7895	He didn't say, 'Get down,' he didn't say nothing.
7896	He didn’t tape his last shows knowing they’d be the last, but he certainly signed off on the question about Quebec.
7897	“He did track all of them down and organised a reunion that rekindled their friendships.
7898	He died at 1.20 am on Sunday,” sources told PTI.
7899	“He died peacefully in hospital with his family and carer,” he added.
7900	“He died while he was still inside the stationary car outside his house.
7901	He directed the Department of Interior and Local Government, Department of Budget and Management, Anti-Red Tape Authority and other concerned agencies to make possible services available online.
7902	He disclosed plan to embark on a re-orientation of the mindset of ministers of God and other pilgrims.
7903	He disclosed that his wife, Candy, also had COVID-19, the disease the coronavirus causes.
7904	He disclosed that, since the Discos took over the asset in 2013, the government has not put in anything whatsoever regarding 40 per cent shareholding.
7905	He disclosed this while commenting on the state of the nation on the occasion of its 60th Independence Anniversary.
7906	"He does not speak for the family," Bennett told the Detroit Free Press.
7907	He doesn’t care for catnip but is a madman for mayonnaise and butter.
7908	He doesn't do this for personal gain, nor because he fancies Remina like everyone else seems to.
7909	He doesn’t have a Twitter header image either.
7910	He doesn’t overdo it.
7911	He doesn't really display any characteristics that resemble bravery throughout the entire film, with The Prince simply just being some eye candy and a romantic interest for the main princess.
7912	He does such a convincing acting job in this show as an agent and single parent.
7913	He does things Calvin was incapable of doing.
7914	He’d plunged more than a half-billion dollars into his primary campaign, but failed to win a single state.
7915	“He drilled 40 straight off the first shot,” Watson recalled.
7916	He dropped to his knees, enrapt, where he remained for the next 15 minutes.
7917	He’d take more of an interest in my work than most people I’d ever met and proved to me that writing was a craft.
7918	He earned fewer airtime minutes than others but made his mark particularly as it pertained to his top issue, climate change.
7919	He earned first-team Class B Central and first-team All-Shore honors as a junior and senior.
7920	He earned his bachelor’s degree in English in 1960.
7921	He earned several Grammys, including for recordings of his 2nd Concerto for Cello, his 2nd Violin Concerto ("Metamorphosen"), and his choral album, "Penderecki Conducts Penderecki."
7922	He earned the respect on the pitch everywhere he played and no doubt Guyana has lost a great son of the soil.
7923	He emphasized that the request is that businesses voluntarily close or find other, less traditional ways of operating.
7924	He encourages his employees to always come forward with any issues and work together to solve problems, even if it is not their assigned job.
7925	He enjoined the trainees to mutualise their knowledge and practices so as to materialise the high-level training.
7926	He enjoined the youth to be diligent in what they do, saying, “there is no over night success, so, when you graduate as a youth, you must learn the rope by developing your skills.
7927	He estimates two years until overseas tourists return.
7928	He even called the drug, which has been promoted by some conservative pundits, a “game changer.”
7929	He eventually served four years in prison after being charged with conspiracy to supply heroin in 1997.
7930	He eventually was placed on a stretcher and gave a thumb’s up before leaving the field.
7931	He explained: "It was a difficult situation, I had to make a decision over going somewhere where I can learn other aspects of my game and work with somebody that wanted me as well.
7932	He explained that the 100 buses were the first batch of 350 buses that had been procured by government to support senior high schools.
7933	He explained that the ministry would not want to put the lives of students and school workers in danger.
7934	He explained that the scheme, incorporating farmers together as cooperatives, would cultivate valuable and various crops in four million hectres of land.
7935	He explained that this was on purpose.
7936	He explained the healing process for victims of sexual assault can take years following the abuse because of associated stigmas of shame.
7937	He explains that unlike some of his company's rivals it doesn't use any sodium caseinate, a milk-derived food stabiliser.
7938	He expressed anger that the Minn. PCA had not informed Baxter of the issue.
7939	He fails on this promise that he made, ‘Mother, I will come back and save you.'
7940	He faulted the N305/$ rate to BDC as proposed by the petitioner, saying it is not transactional rate but used for settling government obligations.
7941	He featured for Nigeria at four Africa Cup of Nations tournaments including winning it in 1994 and was also part of the Nigerian team at the 1994 and 1998 FIFA World Cups.
7942	“He felt guilty but I still wanted him to experience everything he could.
7943	He felt like the top three were on the downside, and we feel like we have some momentum.
7944	He fights back to their bullying tactics, and ends up being put through a production cart for his trouble.
7945	He firmly establishes himself as a rocker, but he goes through multiple identity crises He doubts his abilities as a father, a musician, a friend, and a provider.
7946	He fits well with the power/gap runs that Denver had success with last year.
7947	He flies towards the shop producing these smells and literally falls head over heels for the shop owner Orie Kusaka.
7948	He found a way to remain calm and run his best as the races got bigger and bigger toward the end of the season.
7949	He found no hero’s welcome in Washington, however.
7950	He found the other tangawallahs uncouth, and the work draining, with little monetary reward.
7951	He further disclosed that, Oyeyemi appealed to all Nigerians to see what’s happening in the country as one of the bitter experiences which the nation must carefully navigate through by relying on collective efforts.
7952	He further reveals how their engagement was in fact “plotted”.
7953	“He further told the police that he took them after digging up his father’s grave in Moshawane village, west of Mahikeng, in the policing area of Tshidilamolomo.
7954	He gave Cousins the game ball!
7955	He gave flat-out wrong information about coronavirus testing and treatment.
7956	He gave me his blessing,” he continued.
7957	He gave these young people an opportunity to talk, so adults can hear their take on police-community relations after George Floyd and Jacob Blake’s encounter’s with police captured the attention of a nation.
7958	“He gets right to the point.
7959	He got face to face with Dustin, Cody, Darby and Arn Anderson before acknowledging the crowd and taking a walk to the back….
7960	He graduated in 2017, and is now a doctor.
7961	He grew food, made maple syrup and grew apples.
7962	He had 72 hours of cooling to try and reduce the swelling in his brain.
7963	“He had a bag full of presents,” Mr. Lauderdale said, standing outside his home.
7964	He had been a member of an earlier iteration of the Teen Titans, but leading it wasn't nearly as hard as when he was in charge of the New Teen Titans.
7965	He had been investigating the alleged links between British citizen Richard Reid, who was arrested in December on a flight from Paris to Miami with explosives in his shoes, and Al-Qaeda when he was kidnapped.
7966	“He had hundreds of copies made, and he added the poll to the pile of newspaper clippings and magazine profiles of himself that he would give to visitors,” Mr. Cohen wrote.
7967	He had just enough battery to call for help.
7968	He had me at second base.
7969	He hadn't been physically abusive to her before that, instead using financial, sexual and emotional manipulation.
7970	He had ownership of various corporations and took an active role as Chairman of the Board of Directors and President.
7971	He had reminded the nation that the company’s accumulated losses totalled $3,362,725.
7972	He had run five spots by the time Warren appeared on television for the first time.
7973	He had to bribe the police to get out.
7974	He had to “Puffy” André back in the day.
7975	He had two good chances for birdie after the 11th hole, including on the par-5 18th.
7976	He had very little choice.
7977	He had wanted to get better and return home, the inquest heard.
7978	He hailed from Spain, but loved our people so much and always attended our diocesan functions.
7979	He handed the cop his drivers license and a $10 bill folded behind it.
7980	He has also appeared in public without a face mask, and the decision to wear or not wear one has become a new front in our cultural wars.
7981	He has also recently published with Strategic Analysis and OpenDemocracy.
7982	He has also undergone two gastric bypass operations to control his weight and received treatment for alcohol abuse.
7983	He has always been a friendly face, a thoughtful ear, and an extremely intelligent attorney.
7984	He has a perfect marriage with Reid, and there’s nothing wrong with that.
7985	He has a very good life.
7986	He has become the king of controversies.
7987	He has been a tester for more than a decade and only learned five years ago he was infected.
7988	He has been diagnosed with and generalised anxiety disorder – mild medical terms for the crippling anxiety that Harkness vividly describes.
7989	He has been executive director of Homeward Alliance for the last eight years.
7990	He has been honored with international awards and invited to deliver keynote remarks at global conferences on everything from peace-building to improving educational opportunities.
7991	He has been involved in the university’s Brother 2 Brother chapter and Cross Cultural Leadership Program.
7992	He has firmly implanted his persona in this male, white, heterosexual zone.”
7993	He has held many conversations by passing back and forth with others, and he displays these notes as large wall installations.
7994	He has missed only six games the past six seasons.
7995	“He has never really been flat out yet, which is good,” Williamson said.
7996	“He has no plans to run himself,” says the official who works with Trump.
7997	He has no second thoughts about defending how the president has handled the coronavirus pandemic.
7998	He has not been the outstanding superstar in recent years that he was back in the early 2010s, but he remains a consistent contributor to the Arizona offense and continues to be a target that Kyler Murray can trust with sure hands.
7999	He has now become one of our stars who we hope will shine, and he will get the fullest support of the government and the people of St. Kitts and Nevis,” Dr. Harris, who was accompanied by Deputy Speaker Senator the Hon Akilah Byron-Nisbett, added.
8000	He hasn’t even fully cleaned out his locker.
8001	He has over a hundred video productions to his credit and still counting.
8002	He has pleaded not guilty but issued a public apology.
8003	He has pointed out that the number of tests carried out fell dramatically and this was the reason why the cases per 100,000 figure fell.
8004	He has shifted our horizons of what is possible.
8005	‘He has sustained significant injury but I am pleased to say it’s not life-threatening.
8006	He has tried repeatedly to file an unemployment claim, but hasn’t managed to get through.
8007	He has utilized a variety of programs to implement conservation practices on their land which are great providers of food, shelter, and habitat for wildlife.
8008	He has worked for numerous publications including Cineplex Canada, MLB.
8009	He he'd like to use the location for events such as movie screenings, fitness classes, sports and meetings.
8010	He his commitment to a caring society after a childhood as his mother’s carer: he plugs how as energy minister he trebled renewables against Tory instincts.
8011	He hit out against the increase in motor tax which he said will only affect those who can least afford a tax hike and those in rural areas who are heavily dependent on the car.
8012	He however demanded that hard-to-reach areas of Lake Chad where Boko Haram terrorists have found new havens, as well as the forests now inhabited by bandits, must be accessed and rid of nefarious elements.
8013	He, however, expressed uncertainty on whether the newly formed government would adopt the economic stimulus and implement it.
8014	He however said the Monday, Wednesday and Friday window periods will be sustained to enable residents re – stock with basic necessities.
8015	He, however, said they were being clinically examined by a medical expert deployed by the State Ministry of Health.
8016	He, however, said whenever he met African heads of state he always apologised “for the actions Europeans have done to Africans in general”.
8017	He identified it as Maerskline Stardelhorn vessel, a container ship built in 2015 and currently sailing under the flag of Singapore.
8018	Heider had just come back from a hunt and was dressed in hunting gear with her horses still in the trailer.
8019	Heiko Wimmen, project director of Iraq, Syria and Lebanon at International Crisis Group, describes it as a “high stakes game” that has intensified in the run-up to the US elections.
8020	He initially came across attempts at taxidermy on eBay which inspired him to have a go and soon he was creating models of a rat with googly eyes.
8021	He initially downplayed it, but at that time, European countries were doing that too.
8022	He introduced legislation Friday that would require employers in both the public and private sectors to accommodate workers and job applicants who use marijuana for medical purposes, which was legalized in California in 1996.
8023	He invented the science of agriculture, around 12000 years ago.
8024	He invited the Czech ambassador to attend the fifth edition of the international B2B fair Brest 2020 that will be held on 24-25 April.
8025	He is 0-6 with a 9.33 ERA at Progressive Field since Sept. 22, 2014.
8026	He is 31-1 as a starter in college, the loss coming in the national championship game to Louisiana State last season.
8027	He is accused of pushing her into ping-pong table, choking her against fridge and throttling her.
8028	He is a Certified Professional Geologist (CPG 10227) by the American Institute of Professional Geologists and an Arizona Registered Geologist (ARG 21613).
8029	He is a convicted sex offender, charged in 2002 with second-degree rape, altering and possessing a pistol with an altered identification and possession of a controlled substance in Cullman County.
8030	He is adamant that party ties don’t play into how the group conducts its voter outreach, but he declined to answer whether CVI works with any Republican or right-leaning groups.
8031	He is a graduate from Stanford University with a B.A. in English and a minor in Educaiton.
8032	He is a graduate of the Georgetown University Law Center and he has been working as an attorney for children in the foster care system in Chicago for the past ten years.
8033	“He is a guy who can chase, who can fight, who can run, who is clever with his shot.
8034	“He is a hugely determined character who has both the ability and personality to succeed at the highest level,” he added.
8035	He is allowed to have the people he wants and trusts in his cabinet, he’s the President.
8036	He is also a science graduate and has a post-graduate degree in family psychotherapy.
8037	He is also a successful author, releasing a total of four extremely popular self-help books.
8038	He is also focused on a pilot project to create reciprocity for businesses.
8039	He is also survived by his dad, John Lloyd Paeltz and step mother Angie Paeltz as well as several nieces and nephews.
8040	He is a motivational speaker, writer and social crusader.
8041	“He is a perfect candidate for the USTA fellowship, as his open personality and genuine curiosity will lead to great conversations and meaningful experiences with his students.”
8042	He is as much a part of that family as anybody else.
8043	“He is a tenacious person in all aspects of his life and I know he will come out of this strong.”
8044	He is a very talented cricketer but they didn’t select him for the Under-19 team saying he is overage which is not true,” Malik said.
8045	He is a violence interrupter and outreach worker at 414 Life, a violence-prevention program based in Milwaukee neighborhoods and hospitals.
8046	He is believed to have made the remarks on social media where he also reportedly wrote that he hoped the whole cabinet contracted the deadly virus.
8047	He is charged with two counts of aggravated assault on a person 65 years of age or older, one count of criminal mischief and driving with a suspended license.
8048	He is clearly one of NSW's greatest.
8049	He is definitely not communist; he is sincere and dedicated, unlike all the old politicians like Lukman, whom we have stopped dealing with.
8050	He is expected to travel to Pennsylvania later this week.
8051	He is full of nervous energy.
8052	He is in the race to win.”
8053	He is not a natural glad-hander.
8054	He is not optimistic.
8055	He is not sincere.
8056	He isn’t alone, and while most restaurants concentrated on filling take out orders, many were doing less than half or even 25 percent of the sales that would have been generated if they were open for dine-in service as usual.
8057	He is obviously better than the 27th best shotblocker in the NBA, but A) teams rarely challenge him now and B) he doesn’t care as much about getting the block.
8058	He is obviously different and a bit exotic looking in this land of transparent blondes.
8059	He is one of the last endangered free-range orthopedic surgeons on the Big Island.
8060	He is one of the ten former Confederates for whom United States military forts are named across the South.
8061	He is our second child.
8062	He is precise about the date: 14 March.
8063	He is seen dancing with Ayesha on a popular Hindi cinema number ‘Dhal gaya din, ho gayi sham’ from the movie â€˜Hamjoli’.
8064	He is stable and recovering in home isolation.
8065	He is tarnishing America’s image, demeaning the presidency and damaging American leadership worldwide.
8066	He is the best option.
8067	He is the program’s eighth coach in 17 years.
8068	He is tied for the league lead in interceptions (10) after throwing just six last season.
8069	“He is trying to bring the company up to big-company standards.”
8070	"He is very old school and he is a gentleman in the way he treats Rebel.
8071	“He is willing to drive all the way from Casablanca to Tangier to pick us up,” Apuroop said in a tone that mixes excitement and anxiety.
8072	He joined the Sinestro Corps and was happy to feel his fear again.
8073	He joked that she was singing quite loudly, and he was really impressed because she knew all the words to the holiday melody.
8074	He just knocks it out of the park.”
8075	“He keeps trying to rile everything up.
8076	He kept his yap latched during most of Biden's time and, most unexpectedly, didn't directly assail moderator Kristen Welker as an Enemy of the People or the proceedings as a Deep State Hoax.
8077	He knew his offer wasn’t going to address the underlying problem, but he marched in with it anyway.
8078	He knows the girl I'm dating, her name is Kris.
8079	He knows when he has to participate, when to rest.
8080	He later apologised and explained that while he supported the anti-racism movement he felt he had to condemn the violent scenes in London in June.
8081	He later got himself clean and set up the Mood Foundation, a charity that built a national database of private therapists who offered free, one-to-one treatment to anyone over 18 diagnosed with depression or anxiety.
8082	He later guessed that Trump is looking to ban Candy Crush next, joking that the Jelly Queen and Cupcake Carl are criminals coming into the U.S. and that doesn’t have what it takes to stop them or the bubble gum troll.
8083	He later said he was arresting Rodriguez for disorderly conduct.
8084	“Held off as long as I could,” he wrote on the post.
8085	He led immediately off the start, putting daylight between himself and the field just seconds into the race.
8086	Helen can try to survive, but her odds aren't good.
8087	Helen Frankenthaler Helen Frankenthaler was an American painter and printmaker whose work is associated with abstract expressionism.
8088	“He lied to me, instead of tea they raped me.”
8089	He liked women, who wore low shoes and that were masculine looking,” Sozzani said.
8090	He (like John and J.C.) doesn’t identify as gay.
8091	He likewise approved the proposal to provide P15,000 to health workers with mild coronavirus infection.
8092	He linked the existing city museum, arts college and symphony hall to create an arts district.
8093	He literally tells the entire story.
8094	“He lived here.
8095	He lived in constant fear, even terror, amid street violence — Camden per capita was often ranked as the most dangerous city in America — was exploited by drug dealers, deprived of his most basic needs, and was rejected and outcast by the wider society.
8096	He'll be there for his husband, but he's also got his own interests and hobbies that allow there to be balance and space within a relationship.
8097	“He’ll do anything you ask,” Ryan said.
8098	Hell, I’d even listen to an argument for the brainy sci-fi “Devs,” which might be the year’s most ambitious project.
8099	Hell is no longer under the purview of Mephisto, the entity that manipulated Badilino into becoming Vengeance.
8100	He’ll learn a lot from that.
8101	Hello, and welcome to Five Weeknight Dishes.
8102	He’ll probably play some classic techno.
8103	Hell, put a Mel Kuyper Jr in charge of your draft and you’d have more success than Hurney (kidding, but just barely).
8104	Hell yes, it does.
8105	Helming the series for five years before taking a break, Michaels left in 1980 to try his hand at other shows.
8106	He looks at Clay and says he wrote the letter, Clay admits it.
8107	He looks at one hashtag that may be seen as a negative.
8108	He looks like a big elephant alongside of his brother," Logan said, who noted he'd confirmed Fluffy's mass by placing him on a scale at his mother-in-law's home.
8109	He lost control of the vehicle which ran down the hill, and crashed into a utility pole.
8110	He lost his wife and daughter in an accident more than three decades ago and brought up his surviving two sons.
8111	• Helping colleagues secure affordable housing and building more affordable housing will continue to be a priority.”
8112	Helping traditionally marginalized individuals—often those with low-income jobs and minorities—became a personal mission.
8113	Help keep your family safe.
8114	Help them write “scripts.”
8115	He made his film debut in Abhishek Kapoor's 2013 release, "Kai Po Che", and was seen in films like "Detective Byomkesh Bakshi", "Raabta", "Kedarnath" and "Shudh Desi Romance".
8116	He made many people happy by returning their lost treasures.
8117	He made provision for a second vice-president from the zone that produces the president.
8118	He made the announcement on the occasion of legendary singer Lata Mangeshkar's birthday and termed it as a gift to her by the Maha Vikas Aghadi (MVA) government.
8119	He may just have had a rush of blood to the head, what with being able to buy booze again.
8120	He mentioned that the total would be $21,930.
8121	He mentioned that while she played block-to-block a lot at the post, they are finding new ways to use her in the pick-and-roll game.
8122	He messed up big time, but he’s taking it like a champ.’
8123	He might actually get to go to an Ivy League—maybe even Harvard University.
8124	He might not have been telling stories he knew to be false.
8125	He missed several scheduled hearings and omitted to provide affidavits he had undertaken to provide.
8126	He misses action but the resumption solely rests with the authorities.
8127	Hemp seed, with a 30% oil content, can be pressed for oil and used in soaps, lotions and shampoos.
8128	He named it Fraser’s Ridge.
8129	He named the IGP James Oppong Boanuh and the Director of Welfare of the police service Maame Tiwaa Addo-Danquah as key personalities who consistently checked up on him.
8130	He named US threats as ‘empty threats’, of which Americans had talked previously and also during the negotiation years with Iran.
8131	He naturally gravitates to the books with characters that look like him.
8132	Hence, I’d rather have them maintained, even patched if necessary, than to abandon them,” he said, calling on manufacturers and consumers to be less wasteful.
8133	Hence in the December 2019 quarter, their aggregate profit jumped manifold, against the low base last year.
8134	“Hence, in whatever we do, we must bear it in mind that our constitution is supreme in all situations,”
8135	Hence, the Astros should do whatever it takes to convince Brantley to stay.
8136	Hence, the automotive industry is expected to lead the global micromachining market from 2020 to 2015.
8137	Hence, the candidates appearing for JEE Main September 2020 who wish to change Centre Cities, Photograph and Signature in the Online Application Forms can do so by 05:00 pm Monday.
8138	Hence the current humanitarian and environmental crisis of climate change.
8139	Hence we should be proud of him,” he says.
8140	HENDERSON COUNTY, Tenn. – “We just wanted to take some precaution to keep the health and safety of our county employees and customers,” said Henderson County Mayor Eddie Bray.
8141	Henderson was also the most consistent CB in drills.
8142	“Hendrik is a quick dynamic attacking presence who play any of our attacking roles.
8143	He need not look so far away.
8144	He needs to get his head together.
8145	He needs to take this issue seriously for the sake of the health and lives of the Mexican people.”
8146	He never did, but he sure as sh*t let you know he could.
8147	He never planned to go this soon.
8148	He next assumed a position as the Publicity and Public Relations Director at the Little Theatre-on the Square in Sullivan for 6 years and for the first summer concurrently at Little’s Piccolo Playhouse in Joliet.
8149	He noted, however, that distributing the vaccine is "going to take time," and urged Americans to take precautions during the holiday season to avoid the spread of the virus, including wearing masks.
8150	He noted that an accelerated global health and economic effort is needed to overcome the COVID-19 pandemic in Africa.
8151	He noted that poor sanitary conditions in schools leads to absenteeism among the girl child when they are having their menses which in turn affects their academic performance.
8152	He noted that since those bodies started receiving the public based on Cabinet decisions to gradually resume normal life activities, the decision was activated and driving licenses will no longer be issued to expat students and nurses.
8153	He noted that the actress, 41, is waiting until “after” the upcoming US presidential election to unpack all her boxes, explaining, “I think we both realize that this is a ‘batten-down-the-hatches,’ ‘get-to-Nov.
8154	He noted that the CARES Act “included a provision that would protect freelance workers and those who go from contract to contract so they wouldn’t be shut out of the unemployment compensation system.
8155	He noted that the electric car has been rated the best among its peers.
8156	He noted that there is already a spike happening and the U.S. doesn't want another Thanksgiving driven surge, which won't be seen fully for at least another three weeks.
8157	He noted that there was no way the amount withdrawn from Mr. Sirleaf's account would have been possible without the approval from the top management of the Bank in concert with the Government of Liberia.
8158	He noted that vocational education assists individuals in better performance of their job as they acquire a great learning experience.
8159	He noted that while the government’s desire to provide housing is laudable, his experience in the public sector has shown that government cannot by itself provide all the housing units needed by Nigerians, nor operate as effectively as the private sector.
8160	He noted that with the repatriation of the “priceless and timeless’’ artefact the federal government efforts at pursuing the return of Nigerian antiquities had started yielding fruits.
8161	He noted the case appeared to be an appeal of a state issue — making it completely out of place for a federal court to handle.
8162	He noted they would continue cleaning the school premises so they prepare before the pupils return later in August.
8163	He noted various irregularities in the Two-County trial, e.g. that 750 women disappeared from published reports of the Kopparberg part of the trial after 1989.”
8164	He notes that what you eat before you get sick prevents you from chronic disorders, like diabetes, cancer, and heart failure.
8165	He now appears willing to defy one of the most basic of democratic norms, having refused to say unequivocally whether he’ll accept the results of the election if he loses.
8166	He now owns six, including To Kalon, a plot in the center of the valley considered the crown jewel of American viticulture.
8167	Henry is one of several Fox News employees who has been let go for sexual misconduct in the workplace.
8168	Henry is up to a career-high 1,679 yards rushing, putting him 195 ahead of Minnesota’s Dalvin Cook for the N.F.L. lead.
8169	Henry said 1,029 people have recovered from the virus.
8170	Henry’s oft-quoted phrase during her COVID-19 news conferences, “Be kind, be calm and be safe,” are printed on the footsock.
8171	He only asked to be reimbursed for the groceries.
8172	He ordered the Inspector General of Police (IGP) to arrest Runsewe with immediate effect and hand him over to the NCS pending when he retraces his steps.
8173	He owns three convenience stores in Rochester neighborhoods.
8174	He pared down his schedule of events to structured virtual meetings with supportive groups.
8175	He penned: 'Thanks twiiterford for all the kind messages feel tonnes better today xx heart goes out to all the people who have suffered so much more.
8176	He placed a stack of papers on one of the desks before sitting in front of the camera.
8177	He plans to take on the fossil fuel industry head-on by investing $400 billion in clean energy innovation and creating thousands of new jobs in these new industries.
8178	He played 10 seasons with Minnesota from 2010-19.
8179	He played in just 27 of 48 potential games in Baltimore.
8180	He played in only nine games last season.
8181	He pledged to force socialist leader Nicolás Maduro from power and restore democracy.
8182	He plied her with expensive wine, told her how pretty she was and even tried to kiss her despite her protestations, she alleged.
8183	He points to positive things Wood said in the press shortly after their breakup, and positive things women he was involved with romantically in the past have said, including Rose McGowen and Dita Von Teese.
8184	He posted a group photo of film’s cast and crew.
8185	He pouts, throws temper tantrums, is rude, condescending, and EVERYONE around him can feel his bad moods.
8186	He praised his players for their ability to share the ball.
8187	He praised the city of Ventura for planning a public hearing and how it is approaching the debate by involving civil authorities and indigenous leaders, and representatives of the Catholic Church and the community at large.
8188	He predicted Commissioner Rob Manfred will have a hard time dealing with the fallout.
8189	He probably got carpal tunnel syndrome from it!"
8190	He promised minimum government but instead of privatisation, Yes Bank and PMC Bank have become public sector units.
8191	He promised to visit again and assured them of his return to the county to spend more time with them during his county tour later this year.
8192	"He pulled a plate off in the run in the J Swap Stakes (Gr.3, 1400m) last start and we will just freshen him up for the Telegraph."
8193	He pursued his doctoral studies at the University of Maryland.
8194	He quoted Wellington hospital intensive care specialist Dr Paul Young: “If New Zealand pulls together as a community and stays at home, you will save more lives than I will in my entire career”.
8195	Her 2006 album, "The Makeover," paid tribute to the styles of Karen Carpenter, Chic and Diana Ross.
8196	Her accused the congresswoman of “profiting off of gentrification.”
8197	Her administration plans to introduce an ordinance lifting the ban on ADUs while providing controls on their design.
8198	He rather impressively does this by turning the mountain their base was located into a crater in an instant.
8199	Her backyard was filled with strawberries and she was always pickling or making a relish.
8200	Herbert C. “Herb” Hinman, 93, of Gering, passed away on Wednesday, January 22, 2020 at Heritage Estates in Gering.
8201	Her biggest worry is the possibility of doing her work under more pressure.
8202	Her bikini appeared to be a fairly basic, black ensemble, while Nicole’s was black with white accents.
8203	Her bill was passed by the National Assembly last month and is now under consideration by the Senate.
8204	Her BLEXIT movement is there to help them make the transition.
8205	Her book is full of zeal, not zealotry.
8206	Her brother, former Uber driver Mohiussunnath Chowdhury, was jailed for life with a minimum term of 25 years last month after planning a gun, knife and van massacre in the capital.
8207	Her caption closes by asking those that cannot donate to at least keep Altobelli and her surviving family in their prayers.
8208	Her claims divided opinion on social media.
8209	Her debut novel Mermaid Fillet is published by Kwela, NB Publishers.
8210	Her decomposing body was found in a stormwater pipe.
8211	Her dedication and onscreen know-how made her one of the fiercest competitors ever on the show.
8212	Her divorce attorney, simultaneously a sympathetic shoulder to cry on and one of the film’s chief “villains,” stands out in a crowded year.
8213	Her dresses are mostly child-like, red, pink, or baby blue, completely out of place for an adult.
8214	He reached that goal last weekend in Calgary on the final stop of the FIS World Cup season.
8215	“He really loved it there.
8216	Here also, the psychic can sense energies and read these to tell you how many children you will have.
8217	Here are 10 Image Comics that would be cool to see as a live-action.
8218	Here are 5 that got better live action adaptations, and 5 that were better in animation.
8219	Here are 60+ games to play in quarantine that aren’t ‘Animal Crossing’
8220	Here are a couple stories to get us started.
8221	Here are a few stories we are keeping an eye on: Firefighters struggling to contain dozens of wildfires in California, nine drug company leaders pledge they wonâ€™t seek government approval before.
8222	Here are all the best Days Of Play PS4 deals, all of which you can find on the PlayStation Store from now until June 17th.
8223	Here are a number of books that have come out this year.
8224	Here are my suggestions.
8225	Here are six new lateral thinking puzzles to test your wits and stump your friends — play along with us as we try to untangle some perplexing situations using yes-or-no questions.
8226	Here are six remarkable things that took over Ghana’s because of Coronavirus.
8227	Here are some easy breezy styles to achieve in under 15mins.
8228	Here are some important concepts, based on interviews with health and hospital officials and state and public health data.
8229	Here are some of the wheres, whats, and who’s playins’.
8230	Here are ten tips for meaningfully managing disagreements that will help to keep your friendships and relationships intact.
8231	Here Are the 5 Craziest Revelations from Fox Nation’s Tiger King InvestigationFox Nation’s Nancy Grace has conducted her own Tiger King investigation to delve into the remaining.
8232	Here are the biggest reveals about Rey and Kylo Ren.
8233	Here are the solicitations for all…
8234	Here are today's big stories for Wednesday, April 29, 2020.
8235	He recalled how fantastic Carl Weather’s performance was during production and seemed to have second thoughts.
8236	He recalls the great, albeit cramped set-up: "There were so many times that I walked up only to say out loud, 'Holy shit, they're putting this show in the small room?
8237	He received $31,000 in campaign contributions from the Los Angeles Police Protective League, and $37,000 from PORAC, which is the largest statewide law enforcement organization.
8238	He received mixed reactions from other residents after sharing the video online.
8239	He received new T-cells with a genetic variation that made them resistant to HIV.
8240	He recounted stories from health aides about how they meet the needs of others but can’t afford to care for their own families.
8241	He refers to “low-skilled work” but the very term is irksome, especially when the government has repeatedly equated low pay with low skill.
8242	He refused to confirm or deny media reports in England, Russia and Turkey linking him with different top tier clubs.
8243	He refused to divulge details of conversations he had about his trip with his son, Boris Johnson.
8244	He refused to say which border.
8245	He regained his touch with a 50th minute penalty that gave the Sharks a six-point buffer but when Paul de Wet crossed the whitewash in the 61st minute from an Augustus break and pass, the Stormers took the lead.
8246	Here in Salt Lake, we have seen demand for public transit even though the state has reopened.
8247	Here is a joke that illustrates the point: “All this time I thought that the tumble dryer was shrinking my clothes.
8248	Here is a list of countries, in alphabetical order, that as of early July were open to U.S. citizens, or are expected to open soon.
8249	Here is a list of some of them.
8250	Here is an generally “ok” photo of some strangers snapped by while on a New Year’s Day hike.
8251	Here is how authorities go about closing a city, and what it means for the people who live there.
8252	Here is the Independent's Patrick Cockburn on the links between Brexit, and the biblical story of the end days.
8253	Here is the plain truth.
8254	Here is what we had to say back in 2017 about the : "Overall, you can find worse ways to spend an evening in. Come for the first half and then laugh along at the ridiculousness of the rest.
8255	Here I was talking about rhythm and ‘If I Could Change Your Mind’ is certainly no stranger to it.
8256	He released a second mixtape, Meet the Woo 2, in February 2020, only two weeks before his shooting death.
8257	He remained idolized in the soccer-mad nation as the “Pibe de Oro” or “Golden Boy.”
8258	He reminded me of the relationship of his father in law, William Bullard, and my father, L.F. McPhail.
8259	He reportedly became politicised and a critic of Beijing after the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre.
8260	He reported the matter to a Brazilian Army patrol that was passing by at the time.
8261	Here's a complete ending breakdown for the modern heist classic.
8262	Here's a list of both the hopes and hope not's.
8263	Here’s a look at five ways the nation’s 10th most-populated county – one rivaling New Jersey in square miles – has been affected by the coronavirus.
8264	Here's a look at the 10 most pathetic villains in her Rogues' Gallery, ranked!
8265	“Here’s an opportunity for us to be more like Minnesota, Michigan, and Iowa, who have the exact same standards as in the bipartisan bill we voted on before,” Vos said.
8266	Here’s a quick history of our near future.
8267	Here’s a timeline of the protests across the nation so far.
8268	Here’s how else to know if you should replace a mask.
8269	Here’s how news orgs handled it.
8270	Here’s how the UBI actually played out: In good times, the UBI had allowed many recipients to start businesses.
8271	Here’s my wrap up.
8272	Here's our favourite Pancake Day gags of all to impress your colleagues or family with.
8273	Here's our unboxing video before we dive in further.
8274	Here's the Departure of the Americans pic.
8275	Here’s the latest round of people protesting something by hurting no one other than themselves.
8276	Here’s the thing: Americans have been having a beer with Trump for the past four years—every morning, every afternoon, every evening.
8277	Here’s the thing: you’re the expert when it comes to your own products and you know how your products align with your client’s needs.
8278	Here's to many more such moments and memorable milestones.
8279	Here’s What Chewbacca Said to Rey When She Got Back in the Millennium Falcon in ‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’
8280	Here’s what else happened in Chicago and around Illinois in pandemic-related news.
8281	Here’s what reports are saying about the MTV VMAs performers amid the pandemic…
8282	Here’s what some of them have been saying about “Hamilton” — and Hamilton — since Miranda’s take on the “ten-dollar founding father” took America by storm.
8283	Here’s what we know about the US senator’s marital status and whether she has children.
8284	Here’s what will happen when state charges are brought against him — and I predict they will be when he leaves office — they will make a modified Supremacy Clause argument.
8285	Here's What You Need To Remember: They fight our wars.
8286	Here's where frugal shoppers make their biggest mistakes.
8287	Here's Why Alex Trebek Will Have 'No Say' in Eventual Jeopardy!
8288	Here they will be obliged to endure the inevitable closing plenary on the “future of work”.
8289	He retired early at 38, drawing from a pension that nearly got wiped out as coal companies that paid into the fund went bankrupt.
8290	He retired following the 2002 season.
8291	He retired from Keach and Grove in 2006.
8292	He retired from politics in 2004, and died in Miami where he had traveled for medical treatment on his 89th birthday, May 28, 2019.
8293	He retired in 2004 but returned to politics in 2015 and was midway through his second term. He’d gone on medical leave in mid-June, but was expected to return.
8294	“Here to stay,” Mahomes wrote on Twitter.
8295	He returned home to Delaware and married Mildred Phillips and resided in Wilmington.
8296	He revealed this as he received a delegation of market women in the State who paid him a visit at the Party Secretariat.
8297	He reveals that he is helping Abi with her addiction issues.
8298	Here was the highest ranking Nazi taken alive since the arrest of Hermann Göring on May 9, 1945.
8299	Here we are now, one of the best, I think, one of the best factions in wrestling history and we’re only not even a year in. So I’m very proud of the work that we’ve done together and I think there’s a lot more to come.”
8300	“…Here, we don’t have a curfew.
8301	Here we have four guys from Salt Lake City area who into a breezy sort of indie rock who have been together for about two years, playing their first gig at a homecoming football game at Weber State University.
8302	Here, we have mayors who are very interactive with the community, they got on things right away.
8303	“Here, we have Rudy.
8304	Here, we look at the sequence of events on the morning of the Stonehaven rail crash, considering which trains ran, which trains didn’t and how weather played a part in the day’s events.
8305	Here, we’ve listed the tracks — starting with From Russia With Love in 1963 and going all the way up to Writing’s On The Wall by Sam Smith in 2015 — ordering them from worst to best.
8306	Here you can find updates and live election results.
8307	Her Facebook post has drawn thousands of "likes" - and a followup post says more than 50 applications to adopt her have been submitted.
8308	Her family owns the adjacent restaurants Iron Abbey Gastropub and Nabrasa Brazilian Steakhouse in Horsham, Pennsylvania.
8309	Her family, relatives and many friends are sending their love, hugs, kisses and best wishes.
8310	Her famous plays include Samrat O Sundari, Saheb Bibi Golam and Ashlil.
8311	Her fans loved the post, and it racked up over 124,600 likes within 20 hours.
8312	Her father, an attorney and law professor, was offered a position as a visiting professor at Temple Law School on an exchange program.
8313	Her father left when she was two.
8314	Her first appearance is scheduled for Jan.
8315	Her fling with basketball player James Harden was one of the most buzzed-about romances of the moment and the two dated for nearly a year before suddenly calling it quits.
8316	Her flirty dress with this leather jacket is the perfect combination of sweet and daring.
8317	Her form was rock solid prior to that too, not finishing far away from Blaze A Trail first up.
8318	Her friend, Philisiwe Mnisi, who rented a house with her in New Germany, told the that Zinhle always made sure that she told her about her whereabouts which was the reason she took to Facebook when hours went by with no trace of her.
8319	Her given name is Miriam Haley but she said she changed it recently to Mimi Haleyi due to the intense scrutiny in light of the Weinstein allegations.
8320	'Her giving me a kidney, It extended my life.'
8321	Her hair was also parted slightly on the side, with a thin loose strand at the front helping frame her face.
8322	Her house backs on to the land and she has concerns about potential overlooking issues and the environmental impact of the proposed development.
8323	Her husband’s grandmother was tortured in – “a two hour flight from here”.
8324	Her husband would go on to become an admiral and one of the Navy's highest-ranking officers, and the couple would raise three children together — Jean, John, and Joseph.
8325	Her Iowa farm, Hawkeye Buffalo, includes 50 bison, plus a few Hereford beef cattle that she raises with her father, Dan. The duo sells bison meat and live animals, plus opens the farm for agritourism.
8326	Heritage won eight Clark County Championships in the first decade of its existence.
8327	Her late husband’s family is liberal, she said, and some have unfriended her on Facebook over politics.
8328	Her latest album, “The Wild Card,” which was released in August, is a collaboration with producers Rex Rideout, Robert Glasper and many others.
8329	"Her life was in their hands.
8330	Her loss permeated throughout the remainder of his life and he was subsequently buried at her side at Windsor Castle.
8331	Her Majesty is currently in self-isolation at Windsor Castle.
8332	Her mother was Jamaican and Johnson grew up in a household filled with reggae and ska music, which she heard at regular house parties.
8333	Her narcissism and haughtiness are miraculously forgiven by the end of the movie.
8334	Her novels have been finalists for the EPPIEs, Dream Realm and Fresh Voices in science fiction awards.
8335	Heroic Americans, they stopped terrorists from flying into the Capitol building.
8336	Her only superpower is her audacity, putting hundreds of men on the path to righteousness through the shock value of her behavior.
8337	Her parents were Bryant Garr Ashby and May “Mazie” L. Reid.
8338	Her parents, who previously financially supported her, were made redundant due to the global pandemic.
8339	Her recorder and microphone go inside the fort to get broadcast-quality audio.
8340	Her relatable commentary is part of why fans loved this character so much!
8341	Her remains were unidentified until 2013 when her cousin, Conrado Juarez, was finally charged with her murder.
8342	Her reputation grows across comics continuity.
8343	Her roles aren’t limited to just cartoons, though – she’s acted in various sitcoms, and currently plays Janine, the neighbor of the Johnsons in “Black-ish.”
8344	Her smile took up her entire face.
8345	Her son, Peter, 77 said: “She has got four children, two sons and two daughters, eight grandchildren, 11 great-grand children and three great-great-grandchildren.
8346	Her stylist Bradley Leake showed us how to get her exact tousled curls!
8347	Her team wants to return to Minsk within a year.
8348	Her three-run homer in the 10th inning of the championship game against UCLA powered the Wolverines to the victory.
8349	Her top consisted of wide straps, triangular cups, a plunging neckline that exposed her cleavage, and frilled edges.
8350	Her transition plan is itself a more robust version of a public option proposal introduced in Congress by Representatives Rosa DeLauro and Jan Schakowsky (which, full disclosure, I helped design).
8351	Her two girls have summer jobs lined up, which means they won’t be able to take part in the rescheduled trip.
8352	Her weekly date with her sister Mary Jane to the movies and lunch, trips to Maine to their camp and to visit her sister Luicelle and going down south to visit her son Paul and his family.
8353	Her work has explored the uses of race and gender in developing U.S. interactions with the world.
8354	He’s a chess piece, he can play SS, FS, and in the slot.
8355	“He’s a committed hockey guy,” noted head coach Dave Struch.
8356	He said 10,240 PNP personnel are also ready to be mobilized in case the situation worsens.
8357	He said 2020 marked the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between Cameroon and Japan.
8358	He said $33 million was released to universities, part of which was being used to produce sanitisers and face masks.
8359	He said after finishing up the team’s road trip in Pennsylvania, the Bruins will enjoy having a home crowd when they come back to Westwood for their next match.
8360	He said all the players have to do is give his son a chance.
8361	He said: “All youths from every part of the country should keep calm at this moment because this should be a moment of retrospection.
8362	He said at the time that Democrats should move past the proceedings and focus on issues such as lowering prescription drug prices, securing the U.S.-Mexico border and rebuilding the nation’s infrastructure.
8363	He said at the time that his kids’ school wasn’t “doing things I thought should be done,” so he hired away his kids’ teacher to help found the Ad Astra School.
8364	He said: “Basically they came on a fact-finding mission to assess the situation on the ground as regards efforts being undertaken by the country to address the concerns on child labour and forced labour in the tobacco industry.”
8365	He said business at his apple orchard has surged this year.
8366	He said calls to 311 came out of nowhere after years of the trucks operating with no complaints.
8367	He said: “Considering the status of the Respondents, it would be difficult to effect personal service on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Respondents, unless this application is granted.
8368	He said data showed the risk of catching coronavirus on a plane is extremely low and there are no documented cases of transmission, including on recent lengthy Qantas repatriation flights from London and Los Angeles that lacked social distancing.
8369	He said during the year under review, the Directorate tested 15, 227 persons for HIV and out of that, 345 persons representing about 2.3 per cent tested positive, eroding the gains made at ending the epidemic by 2030.
8370	He said he began his blog after authoring an open letter to University leaders in early June on the harm a hybrid learning model would force on professors.
8371	He said he does not anticipate the restrictions will be relaxed by region.
8372	He said he had hopes of going to graduate school, but with the way the semester has gone, he’s worried his grades won’t suffice.
8373	He said he had so far made N800,000 from his victims.
8374	He said he is waiting for the inflection point, the moment when the rate of growth begins to flatten out.
8375	He said he knew there would continue to be cases of community transmissions because people needed to go to work.
8376	He said he now hopes to inspire others to donate blood.
8377	He said he's been worried about the club before Sunday morning's shooting — both about violence and whether the club is violating rules designed to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
8378	He said he’s going to sack Tom Brady and take back his 24/7 Championship.
8379	He said he’s issuing the order now because too many people are going out in public without face coverings as businesses, restaurants and other sectors of the economy reopen.
8380	He said he spent those weeks working for New Yorkers, and took credit for the $5 billion in funding for New York hospitals in the CARES Act.
8381	He said he wanted the world to know that Sierra Leoneans are very smart, talented, wise and humble people.
8382	He said: “He was totally honest with me and said, ‘look, gaffer, I can’t play because I’m going to Peppa Pig World with my little girl’.
8383	He said his client did not know she had been infected with hepatitis C until after she had stopped working as a nurse.
8384	He said his organization was trying to educate the Rohingya population of the dangers, while encouraging law enforcement to remain vigilant against traffickers.
8385	He said historic reenactment provides an opportunity for Soldiers and their Families to get involved with the community and learn about the area.
8386	He said: "I first saw this done at Winchester and it looked incredible."
8387	He said: ‘I knew the character from the very first sentence.
8388	He said: “I’m not going to give you my opinion – I have many colleagues and colleages from the national team, who I enjoyed lots of things with.
8389	" he said in a statement at the time.
8390	He said isolating one person isn't helpful when others in the house may already be infected.
8391	He said it is extremely important for the electoral legal framework to be finalised in due time as INEC cannot conduct elections under uncertainty.
8392	He said it's a potentially lifesaving technique, particularly for patients who cannot have surgery.
8393	He said “It's very much a continuation of what we do with the rest of our private brands.
8394	He said it was during that course of work that the need for a shelter in Albuquerque located closer to services, such as different types of health care, as well as food and clothing, became apparent.
8395	He said “large political meetings are discouraged until the current spike of COVID-19 infections is reduced.
8396	He said law-enforcement authorities’ allegations that Tovmasian illegally became the head of the country’s highest court shortly before the 2018 revolution are “effectively proven and irrefutable.”
8397	He said Leader of the Opposition Ramesh Chennithala had shared the stage with the Chief Minister in an anti-CAA gathering to send a message to the Centre.
8398	He said most voters were inside for only 10-15 minutes and most of that time, they were alone filling out their ballots.
8399	He said MTUC also reiterated its call on the government to introduce Emergency Employment Regulations (EER) which bar employers from retrenching their staff for a specific period, following the Covid-19 pandemic.
8400	He said nothing as he left the tense courtroom Friday, the fourth day of deliberations.
8401	He said of cultural institutions: 'Of course they should be talking about their history, I always say 'keep stuff in place, keep your monuments in place and use them to explain our history, don't hide it away'.'
8402	He said planes in the air meant jobs on the ground.
8403	He said preparations for the use of the system that will operate in card-based payments, mobile banking, e-economy schemes and internet banking was first put underway in June 2018.
8404	He said, “President Muhammadu Buhari will notice that the security agencies, especially the police, seem to have engaged in an unhealthy competition with Covid-19 to see who kills Nigerians more.
8405	He said prison officers are sometimes not recognised for the valuable work they do and "this is an opportunity to recognise the bravery of staff who could be put at risk".
8406	He said publicly that he wanted his Attorney-General, William Barr, to launch a criminal investigation against Joe Biden.
8407	He said Reviver uses the same security standards that banks use to guard online services from hacking.
8408	He said she had flu-like symptoms on Jan.
8409	He said she might have made them without understanding the implications.
8410	He said: “Since the closure of the border, you would recall that government came up with a policy of ’20 kilometers to the border’ but there is no demarcation, as at today.
8411	He said some procurement and supply officers were not adhering to the ethics of their profession and that their patriotism was questionable, adding some were abusing the force account system.
8412	He said SqueezeBERT code will be released for review this summer.
8413	He said that after decades of relative economic decline, the continent was seen as modern and successful, which was part of the explanation for wanting to be part of it.
8414	He said that all the village panchayats in Punjab should call gram sabhas and pass resolutions to negate the Centre’s three farm laws.
8415	He said that a register had been opened at the command headquarters to keep a record of visitors.
8416	He said that because of that he fell into a dark place and that he wasn’t sure if he’d ever escape.
8417	He said that efforts would be made to maintain the subsidies provided in the corona period to ensure liquidity to commercial and industrial units through various initiatives.
8418	He said that means net annual savings are now projected to be just $400,000.
8419	He said that nearly 300 social work educators and practitioners, including some senior professors of social work in the country actively participated in the webinar and expressed their opinions on the Bill.
8420	He said that promoting trade relations with SAARC countries is Pakistan’s top priority but, unfortunately, the volume of trade among SAARC member countries is quite low, and it needs to increase.
8421	He said that the discussion was with the Ministry of Labour and Employment and the House of Representatives' Chairman on the Diaspora, Tolulope Akande-Shodipe.
8422	He said that the report was aimed at the future for an alliance whose last formal strategic concept was written a decade ago, when a different kind of relationship with Russia was hoped for and in which China was not even mentioned.
8423	He said that the security at the club is helping the police with the investigations.
8424	He said that until his death, Mustapha’s father was a successful and wealthy man, adding that Mustapha inherited and ran his father’s business outfits, even those in Dubai, until date.
8425	He said: “The 650,000BPD-capacity refinery, when operational, will not only satisfy local consumption, but will also position Nigeria as a major exporter of petroleum products.
8426	He said the agency informed airlines from the 10 countries about the pilots’ qualifications at their request.
8427	He said the announcement by Britain's finance minister last week that the government will cover a percentage of self-employed people's earnings was good news "but it will still take a couple of months for those measures to come in".
8428	He said the April pause won’t delay achieving global coverage by the end of 2021 as previously planned.
8429	He said the call had become necessary considering the emergency situation over COVID-19 pandemic in the country.
8430	He said the calls for a review came as news reports raised questions about her background and detailed her credentials, including the fact that she did not complete an undergraduate degree.
8431	He said the CBN had always been guided in the definition of unification by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) position, which is that a multiple currency environment is one where the difference between the rates exceeds five per cent.
8432	He said the children are being trained to use their weapons responsibly.
8433	He said the dead children ranged in age from 12 to 14.
8434	He said the girls, who were on Camfed bursary during their Secondary school education, are privileged to access the loans, payable in 10 months without interest.
8435	He said the group considered that the minister goofed in his bid to remove the claimed disloyal management of the NSITF.
8436	He said the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Transport and Communications (MTC) provide that airplanes must have air filtration systems similar to those used in operating rooms.
8437	He said the judiciary could exercise its powers under certain rules.
8438	He said the lockdown had affected him because he no longer got daily income from his lubricants and car accessories business.
8439	He said: “The Maggie’s 500 Golf Day has been organised to raise awareness of Maggie’s Highlands and the services it provides and also to help reach the £150,000 fundraising goal of the Maggie’s 500 Cycle, which takes place in September this year.
8440	He said the misconceptions that had trailed the Act had found their way in through deliberate misinformation, explaining also that some had intended to blackmail President Muhammadu Buhari with it.
8441	He said the newborn would be tested for COVID-19 on Saturday.
8442	He said the New Brunswick, New Jersey-based company started working on a vaccine two weeks ago, but that it could still take a year to reach the market.
8443	He said the new GDP, which he defined as “Green Vegetable, Dal & Potato”, is “out of control” of the government and the actual GDP is already in contraction.
8444	He said the people of Bihar gave 15 years to Nitish Kumar as chief minister and six years to Modi as Prime Minister yet 'Bihar is the poorest state'.
8445	He said the Petition was nebulous, malicious, and made mala fide.
8446	He said: “The record of arrest in the year under review indicates that there is increase in the number of persons arrested from 93 persons in 2018 to 101 persons this year, showing 8.6 per cent increase.
8447	He said there is a criminal scheme at MEC as there are fake voters in the voters’ roll and these voters are created using the National Registration Bureau (NRB) database.
8448	He said the reopening of churches could begin within weeks.
8449	He said the sailors will now land at the Dabolim airport on Sunday around 10 pm.
8450	He said: “The sum of N4,178 trillion has been generated by the Federal Inland Revenue Service from January to the end of October 2020.
8451	He said the town recorded over 100 COVID-19 deaths in one week alone, creating panic among residents.
8452	He said the trust aimed to support projects that would benefit the residents of the metro and invited other organisations to submit their project proposals to the trust for possible sponsorship.
8453	He said: “The weekend will be unsettled everywhere.
8454	He said the wicket was slightly slower and so he knew it would be important to get runs in the Powerplay.
8455	He said they included proponents of the extreme right and anarchists on the extreme left.
8456	He said they struggle for political power and keep recycling themselves in government for selfish purposes.
8457	He said they would work “24 hours around the clock” to get the plant back up and running.
8458	He said "until we are out of the woods" the public should continue to follow social distancing guidelines.
8459	He said: "We'll be going to the US Supreme Court.
8460	He said, “We thank the Federal Government for approving the money for the NDDC that made it possible to get this equipment.
8461	He said while leaders in the facilities have generally done a great job with infection control, staff members having to quarantine because of exposure is putting stress and pressure on these organizations.
8462	He said while Ramaphosa is within his rights to send the bills back to Parliament, he could have done it much sooner.
8463	He said Wortman and the woman reconciled after that and remained together.
8464	He’s also a very normal person – and I mean that, in the best way – despite also being a superhero.
8465	He’s also released the album’s fun lead single ‘Sparks Fly’.
8466	He’s also tied for second in career receiving TDs (22).
8467	“He’s an individual thinker, I’ll give him that for a start.
8468	"He's a serious fella.
8469	He's at least proven notable enough to deserve being a history lesson in the distant future, suggesting these "three acts" are of the utmost importance to the ultimate future of the DC Universe.
8470	He's aware that while he may never see a family again, they will always remember him and his words.
8471	He says he brings a lot to the class and inspires many of the other athletes.
8472	He says his senior advisory staff are taking reduced pay and negotiations with other staff are ongoing with respect to work-sharing or other unpaid time off.
8473	He says Shula's Dolphins in the 70s were a run based team with the 80s teams more pass based.
8474	He says that project more than doubled the number of municipal water customers, from 540 to about 1,100.
8475	He says that's the best way to get them engaged.
8476	He says the U.S. should pull its troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan, and that he supports ending American military involvement in Saudi Arabia’s civil war in Yemen.
8477	He says the virus spreads less outside.
8478	He says they have a substantial checklist to verify that a voter is eligible and then they check the validity of each ballot.
8479	He says they’ll give the public more information about the investigation once it’s verified.
8480	He says this every day, calling our election a fraud before it even happens.
8481	He's basically said, "if I can't have it, you can't, either."
8482	He’s been making me happy since I was 15.”
8483	He's been working on since 2014, using a Kickstarter campaign as a source of both funds and community.
8484	He’s competing with N’Keal Harry, Jakobi Meyers and Mohamed Sanu, among others.
8485	He scored 30 or more goals in six of his first eight seasons with the Canucks and had a knack for big moments.
8486	“He’s doing it from the rebounding standpoint, he’s doing it from the scoring standpoint, he’s doing it from being aggressive on defense getting steals,” Kirchoffner said.
8487	He seemed sympathetic to the nonsense I was chatting.
8488	He seems to have never counted his awards; such things appear not to matter to him.
8489	He served in a Democratic leadership position responsible for keeping party members in line on key votes.
8490	He served in the army before later working as a mechanic with the Post Office, a junior manager for BT and a driving instructor.
8491	He’s fine — he adroitly underplays Meyer’s compassionate vengefulness amid the noisier, more hyperbolic elements of a comic-book-style action fantasy.
8492	He’s fun, respectful, and, perhaps most shockingly, he’s honest about his feelings.
8493	‘He’s going to love that, when we give him his presents and cake later.
8494	He’s got no speed and no length.
8495	“He’s grown with our company along with our key people, so I’m very confident he’ll do a great job,” Knoph said.
8496	He shall not alienate any of his properties till conclusion of trial and in case a need arises to alienate, he shall disclose to the trial court the purpose which necessitates alienation and obtain permission of the trial court.
8497	He shared the information with reporters from the New York Times and Slate, which ran a story on Oct. 31, 2016.
8498	He shared the lyrics with a couple of kids and asked, “Does this sound like something you would say?”
8499	He’s hoping Walnut Creek will be immune from organized enemy combatants.
8500	He shot her four times through the locked door of a bathroom in his home, where she was cowering, petrified.
8501	He shot someone and did not get stopped,” Pocan said of Rittenhouse, a Trump supporter.
8502	He should be a very fun horse for the owners.
8503	He should be the only dog in his home.
8504	He should familiarize himself with the terms and conditions of the IDB loan.
8505	He should have known you cannot do it, especially ex-parte.
8506	He should show Nigerians and the rest of the world that his God is truly bigger than a virus, whether it is COVID19 or HIV.
8507	He showed good faith in me and I always enjoyed working with him.
8508	He’s in the new Netflix doc and we learned that mushrooms turn Rob into a grizzly bear.
8509	“He slid to the floor and Roy couldn’t lift him, so we called the paramedics,” Patty Sandstrom said.
8510	He's like, " Hillary Clinton's main opponent.
8511	He's loyal and dependable, and really works hard for everything and he ticks the boxes that a Capricorn often looks for.
8512	He’s made more than 400 so far.
8513	He's new to the area in this brand new job so he knows that puts him in a unique position, trying to gain student, parent and staff confidence, all in the midst of a pandemic.
8514	He’s not on a crusade, he insisted.
8515	He's not resting on his laurels either because he's about to conjure up more scares for the online streaming giant.
8516	He's not the sharpest tool in the box.
8517	He’s obviously seen Valletta being destroyed, but he was thinking, what’s going to come next?
8518	He’s of Nigerian descent and I’m representing him, my family and all those who I see.
8519	He sometimes leaned on lead defense lawyer Donna Rotunno for support.
8520	He’s one of the good guys, hate to see that happen.
8521	He’s one of the higher-ups of the Crimson Dawn syndicate whom Maul advises to go into hiding, along with the leader of the Pyke syndicate, all part of the Shadow Collective.
8522	He’s one of thousands of students in the Detroit Public Schools Community District who have received a new laptop, complete with internet connections.
8523	He sped away, prompting a pursuit which came to an end when the man went down a one-way street on Atkinson Avenue.
8524	He spends most days doing office work while at home with his toddler and his evenings on set.
8525	He spent his single year on the soap breaking up the Masood family and, after months of violently manipulating Zainab (Nina Wadia), met a fiery end after burning down the bed and breakfast in 2001.
8526	He spent R2,265.10 on liquor, mostly from Spar Tops, and he bought groceries and goods for R7,479.28 from Spar, Checkers, Clicks and Pick ’n Pay.
8527	He’s physically slow.
8528	He's played just two games since Christmas, and he hasn't played in a game in over a month.
8529	He split his knee open and needed to go to Edmonton for stitches.
8530	He spoke about killing small animals and hurting others.
8531	He spoke shortly after Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon used her daily coronavirus briefing to confirm the updated guidance for Scottish schools would come into effect from Monday 31 August.
8532	He's proven to be a fundraising powerhouse and has energized voters with his calls for generational change.
8533	He’s repeated versions of these declarations ever since.
8534	Hesse says she’s also focused on the district’s long-term plans and sustainability.
8535	He's shown he can focus on the things that are important to him and also focus on footy when he needs to.
8536	'He's somebody that I guess, based on pictures that I see, goes to fundraisers,' Trump commented in the Friday interview, with Raymond Arroyo.
8537	He's street smart, an entrepreneur, a former criminal, and absolutely hilarious.
8538	He's taking precautions such as not allowing his 9-year-old daughter to visit her grandparents.
8539	He starred in the hit standalone Aquaman film in 2018.
8540	“He started a couple of days after the beginning of lockdown because we actually said no when he asked the first few nights.
8541	He started six of the team’s seven games and had 28 tackles, an interception and a forced fumble.
8542	He started the next day at Immortal 3, 's second-highest rank.
8543	He stashed it right next to his ball and glove and his oft-used golf clubs.
8544	He stated that the judiciary must be strengthened to help the financial sector protect credit transactions.
8545	He stated that the removal of sanctions was "an acknowledgement of progress made in terms of the broad reform agenda we have set ourselves and to which we are fully committed."
8546	He stayed with us the whole time and learned to teach other people how to pet Sam.”
8547	“He stays here until 10; it shows a lot of dedication and passion,” Jamal said.
8548	He stepped down as an MP at the general election.
8549	He’s thanking the volunteers, emphasizing the importance of the Latino vote and promoting his relationships with labor unions.
8550	He’s the guy who “wins” and that meshes perfectly with television, especially reality television culture.
8551	He’s the top guy on the list.
8552	"He's the type of young man that wouldn't want people to sit around and cry.
8553	He still doesn’t have a name, but this is the chaos, it’s how we do things.
8554	He still walks into every new church with excitement, never consults Pevsner beforehand for fear of spoiling the surprise and can remember every church he's visited.
8555	He stood in the dock wearing glasses, a grey jumper and a mask, and only spoke to confirm his name.
8556	He stood outside without an umbrella and appeared to be thanking fans who were doing the same, just so they could submit their ballot.
8557	He stopped informing reporters of his in-person campaign schedule so they couldn’t show up to cover his events and ask him questions.
8558	He strenuously denied it, but some close to him said it was in keeping with other private comments he has made disparaging soldiers.
8559	He struck on the AW at Newcastle before a good third in a York Group 3 and a convincing success at Ayr in September.
8560	He’s trying to elbow out the other candidates in the moderate lane.
8561	He studied at the Victorian Pharmacy College in Parkville, which is part of Monash University.
8562	He survived that horror only to live through a 13-day death march from Auschwitz to Loslau, Poland, where he was put on a metal boxcar meant for coal to Mauthausen concentration camp.
8563	He’s very involved in all of this.
8564	He’s worse than ever, he’s got a vendetta with Rossi, and he’s taking people’s faces left and right.
8565	He’s written a lot of about the tech industry in recent years.
8566	He's written for Kotaku, IGN, & Verge.
8567	He's written hundreds of songs, as a Beatle, as the frontman of Wings, and as a solo performer.
8568	“He’s your grandfather,” she said.
8569	He “takes his anger out differently,” she told authorities.
8570	He takes his temperature twice a day and reports by email to the medical officer at Columbia, which directed him into home confinement.
8571	He takes over from George Amoako who served Kotoko for three years.
8572	“He talked about everything except the job he’s done for the last four years,” Biden senior adviser Symone Sanders told reporters.
8573	He talked about how every low has taught hi to get back up and he wants the fans to stick with him for one more great run.
8574	"He talked with the board, he wanted to leave United to a certain point, they keep him.
8575	He talks about his relationship with filmmaker Robert David Port, his views on adaptations in general, and shares some fun anecdotes from his brief time visiting the set.
8576	He talks about the need to find balance in your exercise routine, mixing hard workouts with softer, relaxation training.
8577	He taught me so many things during those few years we spent time together.
8578	He taught me so many things, from how to increase my speed in running bases to all the various types of slides to use and when to use them to keep from getting tagged out when I played softball.
8579	He tells us that there is always wind and no ocean swells – a sailors dream.
8580	He tells us the impact was limited to property loss, and there were no injuries connected to the incident.
8581	He thanked Alhaji Hassan for the warm reception at the Hajj House and urged him to sustain his enviable track-record of impeccable accomplishments.
8582	He thanked SALWACO for the support and opportunity given to them, but more so the government of Sierra Leone.
8583	He that the resignations should be viewed as a starting point.
8584	He then appointed a Pfizer lobbyist, Alex Azar, to run the HHS, and he handpicked a Pfizer insider, Scott Gottlieb, to run the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
8585	He then asked permission from the trial Judge, walked towards the defence table where Guyger sat, and when she rushed towards him the two engaged in a tight embrace.
8586	He then challenged them to arrest their own staff member who was running a bigger IPL betting racket than him.
8587	He then escorted the complainer into the bedroom, holding the knife on his back.”
8588	He then gets invited to play for legendary jazz musician Dorothea Williams—an opportunity that is likely to be Joe’s big break.
8589	He then had the people of this world capture the Fantastic Four, as well (luckily, the Fantastic Four turned to Ant-Man for some help with the situation).
8590	He then put in place what the White House called “the toughest sanctions regime ever imposed” – designed to compel Iran’s leaders into a deal more to his liking.
8591	He then quarantined another 14 days after the test results came back positive.
8592	He then received critical medical care for over a year.
8593	He then reminded residents of the reopening of indoor dining on Sept. 8. “Looking forward to reopening indoor dining soon and visiting my favorite spots,” Kenney wrote.
8594	He then said the coyote went for his left leg before running off.
8595	He then showed Blackstone was the office used to look like, with desks crowded together.
8596	He then took the three off the very next ball to score his first Test ton since August 2018 and only the second of his career overall.
8597	He thought it was a healthy choice, until he turned the microscope on himself and discovered that it was about the worst possible thing he could eat.
8598	“He throws tantrums at the people that have sustained the Party, while he is on sabbatical.
8599	He told "48 Hours" that Karen Ermert's murder still haunts him 33 years later.
8600	He told me not to worry, but I couldn't stop, so I attended support groups for people who weren't sick with AIDS, but who worried about becoming sick.
8601	He told me: ‘Now it’s up to you to show me you deserve it every time you’re on the pitch’.”
8602	He told police he regretted being downtown and getting caught up in the "chaos."
8603	He told reporters he will write to Maharashtra Home Minister Anil Deshmukh seeking protection for her.
8604	He told Sarkissian the court’s order forced him out of a legitimate career (because he didn’t want his wages garnished).
8605	He told that he takes it upon himself to scuff up the set of the motel where the Rose family lives so it doesn’t look too pristine.
8606	He told the BBC: 'The government needs to justify why they are going for the system that has a greater interference than the one that should do the job with less interference.
8607	He told the officers he’d been standing in line when someone shot him.
8608	He told the police he’d moved to the residence on Sanderling Circle with Doppert two days earlier, but that the couple was breaking up.
8609	He told the Press and Journal that he loves capturing “the behavior of animals in a way that allows us to see ourselves in them–a way to connect with them and appreciate the daily trials that they face.”
8610	He told The Sun: “I’m sure at one point, when we can, Maisie and I will go out for dinner.
8611	He told The Sun Online earlier this month: "I was 14st 3lbs.
8612	He told the Wall Street Journal that David Blight of Yale, who won a Pulitzer prize for his 2018 biography of Douglass, was “practically giddy” when told of the discovery.
8613	He took a lot of heat, but was better than most gave him credit.
8614	He treated all those who he met with compassion and love.
8615	“He tried to tell her that he would photo-shop her face onto naked bodies and post them for people to see.
8616	“He turned around and he was simply gone.
8617	He turns out to be both bigoted — showing disdain for Mina based on her Middle Eastern ethnicity — and creepy.
8618	He unleashed his best game in Game Five, exploding with 32 points and nine rebounds to power the Kings’ title-clinching 82-78 win over the Tropang Giga last Wednesday night at the AUF Arena.
8619	He urged people to stray away from politics at such times and think of the lives of those soldiers who are fighting battles for the country.
8620	He urged residents of the state to call the emergency operations centre if travellers from other states were sighted in their neighbourhood.
8621	He used the victim’s credit card at a bank shortly thereafter.
8622	He variously washed dishes at the railroad station, became a lift operator, a short-order cook, and sold beer at a baseball stadium.
8623	He volunteered as a tennis coach for one year, and in January he was offered a paid position as head coach for the boys tennis team, whose season begins in spring.
8624	He vowed to end its dependence on coal and replace it with renewables as part of its Green New Deal, a multibillion-dollar plan to invest in green infrastructure, clean energy, and electric vehicles.
8625	He wanted to celebrate the labor that is often undervalued, he said.
8626	“He wanted to have democracy as much as possible, and on those issues, there was just very little market,” she recalled.
8627	He wanted to help out and he’s saved quite a few lives."
8628	He wanted to know who to contact.
8629	“He wanted to talk to you if you got in trouble and he wanted to help you do better,” said Usry.
8630	He wants a penalty, but he’s not getting one.
8631	He wants to run it the same way that he ran the Trump Organization.
8632	He warned about the growing presence of American corporations in Europe.
8633	He warned that any non-compliance to these measures, as have been observed in the past, could lead to arrest by the security forces as the government will work to ensure facemasks are made available for public use.
8634	He warned that younger virus carriers could still pass on the disease -- which has now infected almost 22 million worldwide and killed almost 775,000 -- to older and more vulnerable people.
8635	“He was a bit lairy in front at a couple of his hurdles.
8636	He was accompanied by Sharad Chauhan and Jai Bhagwan Upkar, the candidates of Narela and Bawana, respectively.
8637	He was accorded full military honours including a 21-gun salute.
8638	“He was active in the programme and nobody could anticipate he would end his life like this,” said Mr. Ravi.
8639	He was a global legend but, first and foremost, a patriotic and proud Scot – his towering presence at the opening of the Scottish Parliament and in 1999 showed his love for the country of his birth.
8640	He was a heck of a talent when healthy.
8641	He was a highly regarded clinician and an influential educator for and mentor to numerous up-and-coming physicians.
8642	He was a key figure in the 'secret war' waged against the paramilitaries.
8643	He was a leader and very accomplished.
8644	He was a little concerned at the speed they were travelling “but we had lights and sirens”.
8645	He was also an investor in BodyArmor, a water brand that sponsors the UFC.
8646	He was also seen dancing with the 'Shallow' singer.
8647	He was also the AICC general secretary (administration) before the recent party reshuffle by Congress president Sonia Gandhi.
8648	He was also the third player to score two overtime goals in the first 25 seconds of an overtime period in a single season, a feat previously accomplished by Columbus defenseman Seth Jones and Montreal defenseman Jeff Petry.
8649	He was also very nice.
8650	He was always generous with his time & a complete joy to be around.
8651	He was among 27 former Republican members of Congress who endorsed Biden on Monday, including former Rep. Jim Kolbe of Tucson.
8652	He was an assistant secretary of the Treasury in 2008 and 2009, overseeing the Troubled Assets Relief Program during the financial crisis.
8653	He was an avid sports fan, especially watching baseball and football and even more so the LA Dodger.
8654	He was a normal kid but he had something different about him.
8655	He was arrested for assault and offensive touching.
8656	He was arrested together with fellow party activists Blessed Changara and Barnabas Gura who were granted $5 000 bail on September 24 by magistrate Barbra Maketo.
8657	He was asked what the company might look like under his management.
8658	He was a think-tank for several birds of both private and public sectors; amongst them, is the Nigeria Shippers Council.
8659	He was a three-time all-conference honoree, highlighted by earning all-region and scholar all-American awards in 2019.
8660	He was a two-time All-Star and a four-time member of the all-defensive team.
8661	He was awarded the Bronze Star Medal, with a “V” for valor, as a result of these actions that saved his unit’
8662	He was a writer on demand and published with a wide range of firms.
8663	He was booked into jail on $7,500 bond.
8664	He was considered a close confidant to al-Qaeda founder Abu Musab Zarqawi in Iraq.
8665	He was co-owner of Lakeland Auto Electric in Alexandria for 27 years and retired from Hans Automotive in Minneapolis.
8666	He was disagreeable with the police.
8667	He was due to be moved to prison on Riker’s Island to await sentencing on March 11.
8668	He was employed at Georgia Pacific for 32 years.
8669	He was enchanted by Ms. Ranz, then a dance teacher.
8670	He was enthusiastic about the possibility of liberating the Lower Don Basin and destroying the German units defending it, and STAVKA gave him great latitude in forming his plan of attack, which he worked out with his army commanders and staff.
8671	He was far away but I could see that he was going to run between their centre-backs so my aim was to play a pass that was too high for them to reach even if they jumped.
8672	He was found outdoors after a shooting was reported, and he died at the scene, the police said.
8673	He was getting a lot of groundballs, which kept his pitch count down, which is something he sometimes struggles with.
8674	He was her partner as she rallied hundreds of patients to form the Hailey-Hailey Disease Worldwide Support Group on Facebook, which offered 24/7 support to sufferers.
8675	He was injured and rushed to a private hospital in Vadapalani where he is undergoing treatment.
8676	He was inspired to work in opera after watching Richard Jones’s production of Wagner’s Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg – the Welsh National Opera production of 2010, which premiered in Cardiff, then came to London.
8677	He was in the National Guard from 2007 to 2013, serving in Iraq in 2011.
8678	'He was in this same position after Spectre came out, where he said publicly and loudly that he was done and then, as time passed, he just wasn't.
8679	He was jailed at the county correctional facility for lack of $50,000 bail.
8680	He was just a legitimate recluse.”
8681	“He was just done,” said Mary.
8682	He was kicking himself for trying to do too much on the hole instead of keeping a steady rhythm.
8683	He was known for his cultural background, and poetry.
8684	He was later transferred to the Ministry of Agriculture to serve as a clerical officer.
8685	He was more patient with his 2-year-old daughter.
8686	He was more than a musical figure.
8687	He was named to the Post-Season All-Star team and was a Cubs MiLB.com Organizational All-Star.
8688	He was “not cooperative,” police said.
8689	He was nothing like the cold-hearted agents who hide in the shadows like you see in old movies.
8690	He was not protected, but abandoned," the man said.
8691	He wasn’t able to return until the Eastern Conference Finals, when the Celtics fell to the Miami Heat in six games.
8692	He wasn’t athletic, he never exercised and he never watched sports.
8693	He wasn’t invited to SPEAK, he was invited to give a prayer.
8694	He was one of dozens of construction workers on the Bentley campus site helping build the university's new School of Design and the Built Environment building.
8695	He was only 39 when murdered by a white man.
8696	He was predeceased by a sister Elizabeth Morin and a grandson Scott Fandetti.
8697	He was presented in court and accused of insulting public officials, disrupting government work, spreading propaganda and being “dangerous to the public”.
8698	He was previously convicted of exposing himself to underage girls.
8699	He was probably funding terrorists and escaped before Tokyo found the evidence.
8700	He was really a wonderful human being.
8701	He was referring to the ongoing cooperation going between the two countries in developing a rapid testing solution for COVID-19 that is expected to provide results within 30 seconds.
8702	He was replaced by Yakub Beg who consolidated his hold over Turkistan and extended his borders to mainland China and Mongolian borderlands along Altai mountains.
8703	He was scratched shortly before game time after experiencing tightness in his back while working in the batting cage.
8704	He was sedated for the exam.
8705	He was sentenced to 15 months in prison at Truro Crown Court on Wednesday, November 11 for burglary and theft.
8706	He was signed in December by the Golden State Warriors but rarely saw minutes on the court due to the many point guards ahead of him in the rotation.
8707	He was signed to Mixer, moving his streaming over to the now-defunct platform in Fall 2019.
8708	He was so vibrant, larger than life, he was the sort of guy that everyone just wanted to have a beer with.'
8709	He was spending time with his daughter.
8710	He was subsequently admitted but died after exhibiting symptoms and signs of the virus.
8711	He was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in West Hollywood, where he was pronounced dead.
8712	He was taken to hospital and disclosed that an hour before he was found, he had been in an altercation with a man.
8713	He was talking about his future.
8714	He was targeted by political opponents but was known to support charitable causes in education and politics.
8715	"He was telling me about how he wanted the team to play and about the environment, how the girls are meshing and how he saw me fitting into that.
8716	He was tested and was found positive for Covid-19 on Aug 12 – 10 days into his quarantine at the hotel – before being treated at the Sibu Hospital.
8717	He was the Attorney General in New York and he made the most of it.
8718	“He was the first person we saw in the morning when we left the residence and the last person we saw each night when we returned,” the Bushes said in a statement to NBC News.
8719	He was the founder of a drug distribution empire called the “69 Mob.”
8720	He was the last to be freed of the charges.
8721	He was the most sought-after actor in the world, but he acted like just showing up was all you could expect from him.
8722	He was the only one of the state’s five GOP members not named by the Trump campaign to co-chair his efforts in Illinois.
8723	He was the reason the Jazz had the lead in the first place.
8724	He was thought of as a beloved friend and father to many.
8725	He was thrown under the bus by the party as quickly as it could be managed.
8726	He was told that day that “all of these brothers and sisters are your brothers and sisters.”
8727	He was transported to a trauma centre with life-threatening injuries.
8728	“He was wise, determined, passionate.
8729	He went on to say that, in late April, the IAM “did not go over things” and that “the Board of Directors understood that it should have a more concrete scope in these attributions”.
8730	He will also be on the TARDIS, Thirteen’s TARDIS.
8731	He will also continue his previous job as finance minister.
8732	He will also serve as the Budget Board Chairman, the Tax Roll Correction Board Chairman, a member of the Washington County Building Commission, the Washington County Correctional Facilities Chairman, and the he will serve on the County Board of Health.
8733	“He will be charged; we just haven’t gotten to the point in the investigation to determine what those charges will be,” she said Wednesday.
8734	He will be given “nil remuneration”.
8735	He will be so greatly missed by the first responder family.”
8736	He will consume the data, he vowed, while understanding its limits.
8737	He will give $1,000 each to 220 minor leaguers as a goodwill gesture, a team spokesman said Saturday.
8738	"He will live on among us through his books," it added.
8739	He will return on Thursday with the NXT Hit List and his weekly Dot Net Members’ exclusive audio review of the NXT show.
8740	Hewitt says the county’s homeless team is working with shelter staff and residents on how to keep the area clean.
8741	He won the 190-pound NCAA Division II title in 1998.
8742	“He won the inaugural ‘Young Wisden Schools Cricketer of the Year Award’ in 2007.”
8743	He worked at Arista Records in the late 1970s and was briefly an artist manager and music supervisor.
8744	He would also add, "Kill them all, let god sort them out." if he were much of a diva.
8745	He would cheat, he would lie, he would deliver naughty and often inappropriate pick-up lines.
8746	He would give more Mainers the chance to gain skills at Kennebec Valley Community College and others.
8747	He would not rule out charging the driver of a second car, William Bryan, who filmed the shooting.
8748	He wouldn’t have been happy seeing all the criticism of Celtic, because that just adds fuel to the fire and Aberdeen ended up getting the backlash.
8749	He would reopen the room at reveille (dawn).
8750	He would use the top of our piano as a toilet.
8751	He would wind up rushing for 139 yards on 27 carries but 103 of that came in the first half.
8752	He wrote in a formal complaint: 'The officers did not believe or did not care that I was an officer, because I am black.
8753	He wrote, “It is obvious that if China’s military growth can no longer be effectively negated, the only remaining alternative to subjection would be to impede China’s economic growth, and in sufficient degree to preserve a tolerable balance of power.”
8754	He wrote: “Workers are camped in a prison like accommodation provided by the company.”
8755	“Hey … did you know a current passport is not considered “valid ID” and the police won’t even let you report an attempted kidnapping without a drivers license?
8756	He yelled “You’re going to end up just like Rich”.
8757	Hey, Elon, is your refrigerator running?
8758	“Hey, I’m putting Nas on blast right now.
8759	Hey Spielberg—YOU REAP WHAT YOU SOW—————aren’t you a great role model parent.
8760	“Hezbollah is a political movement and it depends on internal legitimacy among the people of Lebanon.
8761	Hezbollah reportedly abandoned those sites following the speech.
8762	HHS officials pointed to a project with tech company Oracle that they said would track hydroxychloroquine use and side effects, Bright said.
8763	Hi all, my first wants to write at as the more expensive company mentions in their being detected, the ewritegigs.
8764	Hicks has worked as chief communications officer for the parent company of Fox News since last fall.
8765	Hidden Track Bottle Shop has been something of the downtown bodega since March.
8766	Hieroglyphics are the fountain of origin of all written script.
8767	“Hi Five” (Muholland) by Joe Ide is the latest installment in his Isaiah Quintable P.I. series.
8768	Higgins went on to add that while Craig “enjoys driving when he can”, he was happy to take a step back and let the professionals do the work.
8769	Higgs said today at a campaign stop in Oromocto that the rising level of mental illness and addiction in the province is alarming.
8770	High-achieving Chicago Public Schools students and low-income Catholic school students can now attend Chicago City Colleges tuition-free.
8771	Highest chances remain within Minnesota.
8772	High level of accountability, efficiency, and accuracy.
8773	"Highlighting Pakistan's deep concern over the recent developments, the Foreign Minister underscored the imperative of avoidance of conflict, exercise of maximum restraint, and de-escalation of tensions," the statement read.
8774	Highlighting the importance of the visit, Minister Sonko described the courtesy call as timely and significant, particularly in the area of security dynamics, socially, economically, culturally and in political dimensions.
8775	High standards and emotional boundaries bring results.
8776	Highs will be around 60 for the Triangle and in the mid 60s for the Sandhills.
8777	Highs will be back into the low 70s with morning lows in the 40s to near 50.
8778	High-tech classroom project was implemented by Kerala Infrastructure and Technology for Education (KITE) with financial assistance from Kerala Infrastructure and Technology for Education (KIIFB).
8779	Highways England said the new policy would only apply to larger new projects at first – around 300 miles of road – but the company aims to extend the initiative to pre-existing roads.
8780	Hillard, like other finalists contacted Friday, could not be reached for comment.
8781	Hill said that Brown would be fired within the next 72 hours in compliance with civic service guidelines.
8782	Himanshi Khurana shared this photo of herself.
8783	Hinata’s genius manifested itself with the Twin Lion Fist.
8784	Hindus were not allowed to sit with Muslims at soup kitchens, she said.
8785	Hinkley Point C has many steps in place to prevent the spread of infection on site, including enabling social distancing, reducing numbers and monitoring the health of everyone entering the site."
8786	Hinshaw said Friday that decisions are made based on evidence in Alberta and elsewhere about which situations have become, or have the potential to become, super-spreaders.
8787	Hinshaw said the delay was due to the tech issues.
8788	Hints that the reduction is for more than one year.
8789	His 14 seasons in New Jersey, which included a trip to the Stanley Cup Finals in 2012, made him the Devils' longest-serving active player.
8790	His actions have come under scrutiny.
8791	His actions therefore raise suspicions as to whether he genuinely wants to have this imposed impasse to be resolved in a transparent manner so that Guyana and Guyanese can move on.
8792	His actor Idris Elba recently tested positive for coronavirus, by the way, which opens up a whole other conversation about wealthy people having access to testing that regular folks don’t, but that’s neither here nor there.
8793	His addiction to GPU technology is unwavering, and with next-gen NVIDIA GPUs about to launch alongside 4K 144Hz HDR G-Sync gaming monitors and BFGDs (65-inch 4K 120Hz HDR G-Sync TVs) there has never been a time to be more excited about technology.
8794	His advisors assume this is a tragic accident.
8795	His aggressive marketing and transparency with business partners keep the focus on profitability.
8796	His AM studio-folk production is gorgeous rather than merely pretty, his melodies are as frictionless as the George Harrison slide guitar he mimics, his Gibb-like falsetto at least once (on “Ocean”) modulates to pure Lennon.
8797	"His anger was needed at a time when gay men's deaths to AIDS were being ignored by the American government, a tragedy that made the Gay Men's Health Crisis and ACT UP movements (which Kramer founded) so vital.
8798	His appearance in cutscenes runs for a total of only seven minutes.
8799	“His appointment further reaffirms the Company’s commitment to succession planning as well as retaining and developing identified high performing executives.
8800	His arrival gave hope to man, but it did not take long for some Nomu to change that.
8801	His attitude that “no play should be a throwaway” seems to only apply to him, and he does it while taking the utmost care of the football.
8802	His biography on a federal government website, prepared by the Department of Fisheries and Oceans, says Surette "has previously acted as a facilitator to resolve conflicts between parties in the fisheries, including the lobster fishery."
8803	His body was found on the bed in a room on the fourth floor of the four-storey building, said Pol Lt Col Nithat Waewpradab, deputy superintendent of Pattaya city police, who was alerted at around 4.30pm.
8804	His character was never the same scene to Scene.
8805	His charisma, baritone, and personality lit up the screen and made the show number one in India.
8806	"His closeness and wanting to help people gave him that drive to be good at what he did."
8807	His comment comes on the back of the NDC’s flagbearer, John Mahama’s, revelation that his running mate was a victim of the anomalies in the just-released provisional register.
8808	His comments came after Polish prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki called for an emergency EU summit over the situation, saying the community must "support the Belarusian people in their quest for freedom".
8809	His comments stood in stark contrast to those made the previous day by New Zealand’s Prime Minister Jacinda Arden, who said the nation had won the battle against ‘widespread, undetected community transmission’.
8810	His company is owed $1,100 for “Adaptation,” its latest production.
8811	His company supplies brands that include H&M, Zara, Gap, Levi’s and Marks & Spencer.
8812	His concern was another governor – or event the president – might request a delay in the November election.
8813	His condition deteriorated and the last two days he was put on ventilator,” Gafoor said.
8814	His condition has stabilised.
8815	His confident, frank, outspoken personality never changed … the whole AIF came to look upon him as a rock of strength that never failed.
8816	His coughs led to fears that Gove too had contracted the potentially deadly covid-19 which is ravaging through the world.
8817	His decision to join the Vietnam branch of Piaggio Group — an Italian motor vehicle manufacturer producing renowned brands such as Vespa, Aprilia, and Motto Guzzi — was, therefore, a natural transition.
8818	“His eagerness and willingness to come to Aberdeen is really encouraging.
8819	His experience on contending teams and with Hall of Fame players should elevate the play of the Bengals’ defense far above what we saw last year.
8820	His eyes are closed, he’s not moving, and one of the fishermen explicitly says that he thinks Lockheed is dead.
8821	His family was nothing more than three filled coffins.”
8822	His fate was sealed alongside hers though, as Naruto threw him into the same jutsu that was used to seal her.
8823	His father and older brother rushed to Lower Manhattan, determined to find him.
8824	His favorite place in the world was the family camp he rebuilt on Chase Pond where he spent much of his summers in retirement.
8825	His first challenger will be determined by the winner of a battle royale, but it sounds like the line of challengers is already starting to form.
8826	His first major breakout hit was “Tutti Frutti,” a sexually-charged song that catapulted him to fame in the 1950s.
8827	His flop shot from 50 yards short of the green on the next hole came up short and into a bunker, leading to a bogey.
8828	His foundation is opening its third location on the Rutgers University Campus in Newark.
8829	His friend, Mark Pettibone, said that he was put into a cell and was not informed why he was being arrested, but he was later released after 90 minutes.
8830	His funeral processions have been spread over several days and cities, marking the first time Iran has ever honoured a single man with a multi-city ceremony.
8831	His gap in Mr. Swearingen’s district alone was 14,000 votes.
8832	His good name has been soiled by these false deciduous accusations.
8833	His green mountain bike has not been found.
8834	His influence on the music of his time was undeniable.
8835	His injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
8836	His lab studies how animal behavior influences infectious diseases and host-parasite dynamics in systems like spiders, ants, mites, ticks, and flies.
8837	His latest installment on COVID-19 debuts today.
8838	His Lead, according to the foreign rice transporter, drove ahead to settle all security men at the checkpoints and monitored his distance through intermittent phone calls.
8839	His love for Kohana transcended his programming.
8840	“His meek rebuttals seemed to inspire a wider reckoning among his peers, who slashed and bickered with an eagerness the race had not seen before,” Matt Flegenheimer of the NYT writes.
8841	His mother, he wrote, “didn’t know how to handle me.”
8842	His mother opened a suitcase and called 911, police said.
8843	His mother quietly lets the dog out of the house as the view moves to the window where Adam’s girlfriend, Aimee Gibbs (Aimee Lou Wood), is riding him in bed, much to his boredom.
8844	His mother was already working as a housemaid in the capital.
8845	“His mother was over the other week and lamenting: ‘Aren’t you going to give me a hug?’ and he says, ‘no I can’t.’ and this way he can.
8846	"His music still has the same raw electric energy when you play it now as it did when it first shot through the music scene in the mid 50's," Jagger wrote.
8847	His next appearance may offer some clues as to what we can expect will happen to Iris if she stays in the Mirrorverse much longer.
8848	His next move was perfectly legal.
8849	His only pre-existing condition was trusting Donald Trump and for that he paid with his life,” Urquiza said, enunciating the last few words of the sentence with clear sadness and anger.
8850	His other international appearances include playing in Scotland and England.
8851	His outfit Kodari Securities, as readers of this column may remember, has dealt with a number of misfortunes in the past year.
8852	His phone, which was still broadcasting, also falls to the ground, with the camera showing upwards.
8853	His presence are these briefings are detrimental to our country.m because of Donny’s incompetence.
8854	His primary message just four days before Election Day: The district’s people come first.
8855	His public approval ratings collapsed at around the time a group of Labour MPs including Luciana Berger and Chuka Umunna left to found the Independent Group, citing antisemitism within Labour and its Brexit policy.
8856	His remarks came amid criticism by the and BSP, who accused his government of being insensitive.
8857	His score for December 2020 will have to be “no comment possible”.
8858	His service rifle AK-47 was also found lying nearby, the SP said.
8859	His shoe designs have graced the top fashion runways of Paris, Milan and New York and they've also appeared in the pages of Vogue, Elle and W Magazine.
8860	His sister, who said she was not close to her mother but still took care of the woman during her last year of life after she contracted lung cancer, feels the same way.
8861	Historically, Johnson & Johnson has traded at a solid premium valuation of 20-50% to market multiples of income and free cash flow generation.
8862	History conclusively proves that the ANC is only good for destroying an economy, not “boosting” it.
8863	History says it’s 50/50 if it’ll become a full-time change.
8864	History tells us that private debts are restructured only when creditors become convinced that half a loaf is better than none.
8865	History will remember this moment well.
8866	His ultimate goal is to drive in the NASCAR Cup Series, the sport’s highest level.
8867	His velocity, which peaked at 97 mph, dropped to 89 mph by the end of the inning.
8868	His visit coincided with the delivery of relief supplies, including emergency medical kits, USAID said in a statement.
8869	His voice was somewhat hoarse, and he would need to reserve what lung power he had left for when he would be yelling about “the whole damn 1 percent” a few minutes later, so Sanders asked me to sit in the heavy chair directly beside his.
8870	His voice works particularly well for the sinister role, and the film isn't pulpy so much as it is genuinely thrilling.
8871	His wife ate a tarantula on national television.
8872	His wife, Jill, toted one noting the economic impact of racing in California: $2.47 billion and 17,000 jobs.
8873	His wife Kim Kardashian West had also retweeted the same, lending her support to her husband.
8874	His wife knew about it and so she was the one that alerts the FBI when she found out her husband was meet with Fallon.
8875	His wife Safeena Ali suffered multiple head and internal injuries and was in a coma for more than four weeks.
8876	His wife, Shirley, is found floating dead in the water, her ankles tethered with cinder blocks.
8877	His wife, Sophie Gregoire Trudeau, hosts a WE well-being podcast.
8878	His wife, who works as an NHS nurse and had her test at the same time as him, had to wait even longer.
8879	His win on the strength of African American support came at a perilous moment in his 2020 bid as he needed an emphatic rebound after underwhelming performances in Iowa, New Hampshire and Nevada.
8880	His words, “Of course I feel we have to finish the league.
8881	His work has been especially well received during the pandemic.
8882	His work in is more invisible than even the best editing work would have to be, seeing as the film is ostensibly a single shot, digital tricks aside.
8883	His work rarely attracts critical raves but he has a solid record of producing hits and has made some cult gems along the way.
8884	Hit Music Network 90 Now on air : The Manchester United Football Squad - Come on you reds - The best from the 1990's https://t.
8885	“Hi, ” we said to your desk clerk.
8886	Hlatshwayo said the issue of power supply is directly linked to the economy, employment and future investments.
8887	HMRC needs more information.
8888	HMRL MD NVS Reddy said Naidu was his main technical support in executing the most challenging and mega Hyderabad Metro project.
8889	HMSY has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports.
8890	Hoan Ton-That, founder of Clearview AI, whose app matches faces to images it collects from across the internet.
8891	Hoe-hoe-hoedown: Woman shopper: “I’d like two pounds of white seedless grapes; my husband loves them.”
8892	Hold down this button, and the blades turn in the opposite direction, scooping in food toward the center.
8893	Hold each other more accountable – because I can only hold so many people accountable.
8894	Holders Manchester City eased into the fifth round of the FA Cup on Sunday with a comfortable 4-0 win over ten-man Fulham.
8895	Holding my boyfriend’s hand is political.
8896	Holding them, getting my picture taken, none of that bothers me.
8897	Holiday accommodation - including hotels, B&Bs, cottages, campsites and caravan parks - has now reopened, with households in England allowed to stay away from home overnight.
8898	Holidaymakers were ordered out of a “tourist leave zone” along a 160-mile stretch of New South Wales (NSW) coastline before Saturday or risk their lives.
8899	HOLIDAYMAKERS worried about if the coronavirus outbreak will affect their trip should check their travel insurance policies to see if they're covered.
8900	Holley, a Bowling Green company that produces automotive parts, is also getting in on the virtual action.
8901	Holly left her home on Jan.
8902	Hollywood has a tendency to revive beloved properties even if it's been years since the last installment, and is just the latest example of this trend.
8903	Hollywood in India and America.
8904	Holohan reiterated that nursing homes, hospitals and other places where vulnerable people live “are not places that are appropriate to be visiting at this time”.
8905	Holomisa, remove the Unisa mask and reveal the chauvinist!
8906	Holt said hospitals from outside M Health Fairview will still be able to admit patients to psychiatric beds at St. Joseph's next year, and that collaborations between competing systems on mental health care reforms will continue.
8907	Home Affairs Minister Dr Aaron Motsoaledi said the programme is in line with President Cyril Ramaphosa's Infrastructure Championing Initiative.
8908	Homelander and Queen Maeve might be the strongest but The Umbrella Academy have more effective superpowers, be it time traveling, summoning ghosts, or rumoring someone.
8909	Homeland Security Republicans Introduce the “Keep America Secure Act”
8910	Homelessness is a huge crisis in most communities.
8911	Homeless people sleeping rough in London, photographed on January 16 2020.
8912	Home Minister Amit Shah had later said the governor could have avoided certain words.
8913	Home Minister Amit Shah today said that revolutionary Khudiram Bose is as much a pride for the whole of India as he is of Bengal, hitting out at those indulging in 'narrow' politics of regionalism.
8914	Homeowners and renters are eligible for up to $40,000 to repair or replace damaged or destroyed personal property, according to the U.S. SBA.
8915	Home Secretary Priti Patel has pledged to cut the number of people arriving in the UK via this route, making former Royal Marine Dan O’Mahoney the Clandestine Channel Threat Commander.
8916	Home Secretary Priti Patel said the British people should be "alert but not alarmed".
8917	Homes, roads and key infrastructure were battered by the force of the winds and thousands of people evacuated.
8918	Home to over 200 animals including arctic foxes, red pandas and amur tigers, this park in the west of the Cairngorms National Park is a real treat for animal lovers.
8919	Home with my girls ❤️❤️❤️ pic.
8920	Honda could learn something about standard features from other made-in-America crossovers from import brands; the 2021 CR-V has a teensy 5.0-inch display on base models that doesn’t come with Apple CarPlay or Android Auto compatibility.
8921	"Honestly, I am at a loss for words.
8922	“Honestly, I believe that people may see themselves on the council more at this point in time,” she said.
8923	"Honestly that was a huge match for me," Shapovalov said Friday.
8924	Honestly, the Android Auto question hasn’t come up as huge detractors so far.”
8925	“Honestly, we could have and probably should have lost to East Haven,” Cannon said.
8926	Honesty – If you make honesty and ethical behavior a key value, your team will follow suit.
8927	HONG KONG (AP) — Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific Airways said Wednesday it would cut 8,500 jobs and shut a…
8928	Hong Kong barred entry to travellers from Hubei province and told Hong Kong residents returning from the area to quarantine themselves at home.
8929	HONG KONG — Goldman Sachs has appointed Iain Drayton to be the co-head of investment banking for Asia, ex Japan, according to a memo seen by Reuters.
8930	Hong Kong leader says coronavirus now spreading ‘out of control’
8931	Hong Kong police are investigating a campus protest over suspected violations of a security law imposed by China’s central government, fueling growing concerns about curbs on freedom of expression in the Asian financial center.
8932	HONG KONG — Scrambling to contain the spread of coronavirus, Hong Kong extended the suspension of schools on Thursday until at least March 16 and told overseas students studying in the city there was no rush to return.
8933	Hong Kong: Several arrested in protests against mainland shoppersFifteen pro-democracy demonstrators who targeted a shopping mall near the border with mainland China.
8934	Hong Kong's Hang Seng dipped 0.3% to 24,633.42, while the Shanghai Composite lost 0.3% at 3,278.40.
8935	Honorable mentions for the list would include a jumper pack, for which we've already compiled a best-of list as well as a tire pressure gauge.
8936	Hon. Prime Minister of Nepal for his good health and happiness,” stated a press release issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on April 27, hours after the phone conversation.
8937	Hopefully, easy to get on with.
8938	“Hopefully Funso Ojo and Craig Bryson will be back.
8939	“Hopefully, not at the cost of Pakistan’s sovereignty, environment, sustainability of debt or corruption.
8940	Hopefully, players enjoy it just as much as normal regardless of the frustrating situation.
8941	Hopefully the speech scene will be as epic as it was in the manga.
8942	Hopefully, the technical kinks inherent with this form of delivery can continue to be ironed out to encourage other artists of Van Etten’s calibre to feel confident in providing paid livestream gigs to eager fans.
8943	Hopefully this gives you a better understanding of what you are reading in the crime log.
8944	Hopefully, this will work out.
8945	Hope he gets all the support he needs and deserves.'
8946	Hope he heals up!
8947	HOPE Online Learning Academy Elementary schools were voted to be closed.
8948	Hopes for a better world were dashed by monetarism, releasing the globalised, financialised, neoliberalised world of today, with an ineffectual mainstream economics as its counterpart.
8949	Hopes that the vaccination could finally see an end to the pandemic has seen it likened to D-Day, the US-led military offensive that marked the ending of World War II.
8950	Hope they both have a speedy recovery and will be fine.”
8951	HOPEWELL — A long table at the temporary office of the Ontario County Board of Elections is filling up quickly with a growing number of applications from voters requesting mail-in ballots for the Nov. 3 general election.
8952	Hoping to show Spider-Man living examples of his failures, the villain takes Spider-Man back to see New York City where other Spider heroes are wreaking havoc.
8953	Horne admitted last week that he did not follow through on a promise to Phillips to remedy his citizenship situation.
8954	Horrifying moment man clings to a car bonnet as a driver.
8955	Hospitalized Broadway star Nick Cordero awakens from coma after coronavirus, says wifeTony Award-nominated Canadian actor Nick Cordero, hospitalized with coronavirus, has awakened from a medically induced coma, according to his wife.
8956	Hospital masks don’t always have to be quite this high quality to still be safe and functional.
8957	Hospitals are doing that as well.”
8958	Hospitals have suspended maternity ward tours and obstetric classes.
8959	Hosted and curated by one of the UK’s best-known journalists Dermot Murnaghan, Killer Britain with Dermot Murnaghan explores British murder stories filled with detective intrigue and chilling storylines of homicide and hate.
8960	Hosted by Congregation Beth Ahm, Yiddish lecturer, educator and translator Beth Ahmer Daniella HarPaz Mechnikov will recite a Yiddish short story by classic Yiddish storyteller Moyshe Nadir.
8961	Hosted my Delhi Cabinet designate colleagues for dinner at my residence.
8962	Hosts can sign up with either a mobile number or email ID, send out invite links, and password protect their meetings.
8963	Hotchner's other works included the novel "The Man Who Lived at the Ritz," bestselling biographies of Doris Day and Sophia Loren, and a musical, "Let 'Em Rot!"
8964	Hotel capacity hasn’t been an issue because of reduced park attendance and limitations on interstate travel by some states, but a huge draw of Disney vacations is resort-hopping to explore different properties and eat at those restaurants.
8965	Hotels.com will be revealing its integrated marketing plan throughout the season to engage both basketball fans and travelers.
8966	Hot in the northeast and interior with inland showers/storms.
8967	Hotroadbicycle com Reviews Is It A Scam or Legit?
8968	Hot Wheels has pushed back the release of its remote-controlled Tesla Cybertrucks thanks to manufacturing problems.
8969	Hours after the Chinese embassy’s leak to Australian media, the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) released a statement expressing regret for the embassy’s choice to breach “long-standing” diplomatic practises.
8970	Hours before he spoke, CNN, echoing derided Mount Rushmore as a monument to slaveholders on stolen native lands.
8971	Hours later, he deleted the original post and issued an apology after backlash from fans ensued.
8972	Hours may vary by participating location and no purchase is necessary.
8973	House minority whip Rod Montoya, R-Farmington, has proposed a Taxpayer Bill of Rights that would restrict annual spending and require any future tax increase to be approved by a three-fifths majority in both chambers.
8974	House Minority Whip Steve Scalise claimed Saturday that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has thwarted efforts to conduct widespread coronavirus testing on Capitol Hill.
8975	House Speaker Alan Peter Cayetano, in a television interview, however, maintained the need to revise the Charter.
8976	House Speaker Matthew Shepherd said he expected that chamber to take up a version similar to the Joint Budget Committee’s rule.
8977	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is close with Ms. Bass, whom she named to the recent policing reform bill, and has made her admiration clear in private conversations, including with former President Barack Obama.
8978	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi pulls back her hair while speaking about her visit to a hair salon during a news conference at the Mission Education Center Elementary School Wednesday, Sept. 2, 2020, in San Francisco.
8979	Housing advocates are calling on North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper to guarantee safe housing for the state's homeless population to help prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
8980	Houston's police chief says Floyd's body has arrived in Texas for a final memorial service and funeral.
8981	HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- If you're looking for more than just your ordinary ice cream, you may want to check out this new ice cream shop in the Heights.
8982	HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Two additional Harris County Jail inmates have tested positive COVID-19, according to the sheriff's office.
8983	How a burglary, social media and politics led to a Nooksack Tribal Councilwoman being bullied out of office.
8984	Howard-bound trains will not stop at Bryn Mawr, Thorndale or Granville until 10 p.m. on July 31, according to the CTA.
8985	Howard conducted interviews with those who survived the fires as a way of providing a window into how individuals and communities move forward after a catastrophic event.
8986	How are you even doing your job in the NFL if your don’t discussing most or all free agents.
8987	How are you making the most of this time?
8988	“How broken can you get?” she asked.
8989	How can Kanien’kéha be preserved during the pandemic when connection to it is drastically decreased?
8990	How can they even claim this pathetic man should be the president of our nation?
8991	How can we ever expect the NCAA to make decisions in the best interests of student-athletes when so much is at stake?
8992	“How can you be so beautiful?” another asked.
8993	How could AI alter the fundamental calculus of deterrence?
8994	How could a year not exist?
8995	How couldn’t he realize that his post need thinking and acting,if police can’t do a thing then we are dead without protesters.
8996	How could people from my country commit these horrendous crimes?" said Schoeller, explaining the impetus for the photo project.
8997	How could satellite constellations connect remote villages to better education and health care?
8998	How could you print the following statement … without seeking specifically any counter-claims to her following statement?”
8999	How dare Adam’s “blame” blacks and Hispanics, said critics, because a disproportionate percentage are contracting and dying from the coronavirus.
9000	How Deadly Is the China Virus?
9001	How did Michigan fall so far behind Ohio State?
9002	How do corporate leaders, managers and individual workers make this sudden shift?
9003	How does a marketing director with 18 years experience in the professional food service industry become a driving force in the sourcing of natural medicines and a passionate educator about their benefits?
9004	How does a waitress get a job in construction or any unskilled person for that matter?
9005	How does coronavirus kill?
9006	How does it feel to know that jello brain has a better memory than you?
9007	How does Q Grips UK work?
9008	How do I decide between an Apple, Tizen, or Wear OS smartwatch?
9009	How do I get tested for COVID-19?
9010	How do they compare with real-life in-person dates?
9011	How do UC Berkeley’s international and study abroad students fit into this equation?
9012	How do we eradicate the criminal elements that have infiltrated the police and the justice system?
9013	“How do we get out of here?” they shout.
9014	How do we make sense of an increased interest in ghosts who inhabit haunted houses?
9015	How do you come up with your fair themes each year?
9016	Howe asked the council in his letter for a cooperative effort on the part of both the city and county governments, the county provided the land while the city waives the hookup fees.
9017	However, according to the Bloomberg Billionaire Index, Bezos followed by Bill Gates, Zuckerberg, Musk, and Louis Vuitton’s Chairman Bernard Arnault were the five richest people on Earth.
9018	However, after searching around, he realised the smell was not coming from his house and suspected it was coming from the rubbish skip and he closed his windows.
9019	However, all eyes are on November 3, the day of polling.
9020	However, although it may be a dealbreaker for some, it is possible to remedy such an issue.
9021	However, Apple has never really been one to bow to convention, and a new report from Jon Prosser has suggested that the main reason why is because of battery life.
9022	However, as finance minister, Mr Mackay nationalised the shipyard last year amid acrimony between the yard and Caledonian Maritime Assets, who commissioned the ships.
9023	However, as mentioned, mid-level players just looking for fun are going to be more frustrated than satisfied.
9024	However, a spectacle like their wedding – which was seen by millions the world over – is thought to generate even more revenue.
9025	However, assessment is not easy to carry out; it is difficult to determine which companies are women-owned and run, for instance, so there is definitely room for improvement, according to Wasa.
9026	However, as there is no official warning from the government regarding Italy being unsafe for travel, airlines are refusing to allow passengers free changes or refunds to their flights.
9027	However, as the site is new, maybe they improve it later.
9028	However, as the years went by, the three found a way to co-exist for the sake of the kids.
9029	However, as with any good moral tale, its stark warnings and lessons transcend time period.
9030	However, as with most of the "ghost children" movies Hollywood made in that decade, they came from Asian horror cinema first.
9031	However, a year after Ohlin’s gruesome suicide, members of the burgeoning scene began complementing aural extremity with physical violence.
9032	However, Batman has never been one to learn and practice the ways of magic, and the are absolutely full of magic.
9033	However before being booked, interventions were made "from above" and he was released.
9034	However, beyond the hype surrounding 4IR, the potentials and challenges have to be seen from the perspective of the real world, especially from the point of view of low income countries like Bangladesh where the majority of the world’s people still live.
9035	However, both were charged and remanded.
9036	However, cash-conscious Lille are demanding around £60million for the 21-year-old international while he also has strong interest from Italian sides Juventus and Inter Milan with the latter fearing they will lose Lautaro Martinez to Barcelona.
9037	However, “chemical action is not possible without change of temperature and electric changes, organic life without mechanical, molecular, chemical, thermal, electric, etc., changes.”
9038	However, citing protection against “cyberattacks,” Canadian servers will store users’ IP addresses for three months, or up to two years in the case of an attack.
9039	However, Claire begs him to wait at least a year, until the day of Jack Randall's death as recorded in the history books her first husband, Frank, has practically memorized.
9040	However, Cosby’s team published another photo of Cosby via his Twitter account where he seems to be in much better spirits.
9041	However, customer information and sensitive data were safe from the attack because these “are encrypted on a separate server,” the company said at the time.
9042	However, DIB said it has no exposure to Finablr, UAE Exchange Centre or any other Group company that is not directly engaged in the provision of medical services.
9043	However, documents viewed by us including a court order from years ago expose these allegations as baseless.
9044	However, don’t be surprised if 10 years later, your actual outcome is 8 per cent and inflation is 2 per cent.
9045	However, do these models really warrant the creation of a whole new sub-series?
9046	However, drumming up a comprehensive list of things to check will help make the job more manageable.
9047	However, during the autopsy of Princess Diana’s body, there haven’t been found any signs of pregnancy, despite the Al Fayed claims.
9048	“However, expensive life-saving drugs– some of which are close to six figures for treatment– threaten to derail the progress made in expanding health coverage.
9049	However, fatigue is probably the most common complaint of moms-to-be of multiples.
9050	However, Fitzgerald’s career is nearing it’s end, and the squad is going to need a replacement for the legend.
9051	“However, five weeks ago, I saw a vision where people moved about freely in Nigeria with face masks, and last week, I saw another vision where people moved about without face mask.
9052	However, Flames had a glorious chance in the 39th minute when Yamikani Chester made a good run before sending a million dollar pass into the box only for Idana to blast the effort over the crossbar when the goalkeeper was nowhere near the goal line.
9053	However, following the Dodgers' victory, it is clear that Turner chose to disregard the agreed-upon joint protocols and the instructions he was given regarding the safety and protection of others.
9054	However, for context, she reminded listeners that in 2018 buying was the strongest it had been in 51 years.
9055	However, forget about New Jersey.
9056	However, for realising the full benefits of such a registration, other targeted interventions will be necessary, especially in production, crafts preservation, marketing and welfare of artisans to sustain their creativity.
9057	However, for some, that’s unavoidable.
9058	However, future rotations would become impacted.
9059	However, he added that employers must continue submitting payroll declarations for the two months of exemption.
9060	However, he appeared later and made the announcement.
9061	However, he countered that someone who lacks technical skills but is a good communicator is useful, but not as effective as someone who has both skillsets.
9062	However, he finally meets his kind.
9063	However, heightened surveillance and other readiness measures have been instituted to prevent importation of cases into the country and to enhance capacity to promptly and effectively respond to any cases that may be confirmed.
9064	However, he instructed the Congress leaders and workers to take all precautions and ensure social distancing at every stage.
9065	However, he is often relegated to a comical role, and therefore is usually low on the totem pole when it comes to the hierarchy of Superman villains.
9066	However, he pled guilty in 2001 to federal charges that he defrauded investors in those ventures, ultimately accepting a 10-year prison sentence.
9067	However, her family did not approach the police until Thursday when they received a letter from a Delhi-based advocate about alleged conversion, said police.
9068	However, her world turns upside down when she realizes that she also loves the same person.
9069	However, he said not everyone who was in Gettysburg during the 4th of July was there to do that or to cause trouble.
9070	However he said the EIS are still pursuing “serious discussions” with the local authority in the hope of reaching a resolution before the end of the year.
9071	However he said the opening of the business was overshadowed by numerous posts on Facebook decrying that it had a new owner and that it was potentially a bar.
9072	However, he was still uncertain which particular academic field best matched his interests.
9073	However, I am writing this contribution today because although “thank yous” are beautiful and greatly needed, they are not enough.
9074	However, if indeed there true genius to speak of, the name David Unaipon would certainly fit the bill in a number of ways.
9075	However, if sports bodies are willing to go beyond their welcome statements of the last week with the establishment of a commission, the whole of the UK will benefit.”
9076	However, if the experienced top order gets going, it would give enough freedom to their youngsters to go for big hits.
9077	However, if you don’t have that kind of time (who does?) or the access to top stylists in Hollywood, this Revlon product is the next best thing!
9078	However, if you or any other student does manage to get their vehicle on top of one of the building’s please reach out to the Ledger, so that we can get a quote.
9079	However, if your multi-location business can showcase now that you are here to help your consumers, rather than sell to them, you are on the right path to creating a trusted brand.
9080	However, I have little qualms in reusing it here—a s it has lost of none of its past pertinence.
9081	"However I knew for myself I needed personal time and to keep this part of my life private to prepare for this new responsibility and part of me that will change my life forever.
9082	However, in 2015 the Navy chose to instead purchase the tilt-rotor CMV-22B Osprey instead.
9083	However, in Chandigarh the situation was almost normal.
9084	However, in her ultimate form, she could destroy the entire universe.
9085	However, in Leicester, the streets were largely deserted as pubs and other venues remain closed after the city became the first local lockdown on Monday, following a spike in Covid-19 cases.
9086	However, in order for mentorship schemes to succeed, businesses must apply a gender and diversity lens.
9087	However, in some cases the jobs came at a price.
9088	However is not only that is despicable their trangressions to people and its foreign policy increasing agressiveness, they do not have soft power, model to export or contend the west with.
9089	However, it has been a frustrating year for Albies across the board.
9090	However, it is somewhat weird, but the lore and world itself, including the mechanical representation of it, are a great indicator of whether you and yours want to embark on a journey to Tékumel.
9091	However, it is still not clear when Trump was last in contact with O'Brien, with the president briefly telling reporters on Monday afternoon on his way to North Carolina: "I haven't seen him lately."
9092	However, it is well-balanced and the design limits vibrations.
9093	However, it seems that Academy voters didn’t take any notice of SAG’s omission, and the 72-year-old star has received his very first Oscar nomination.
9094	However, it's likely to be a next-gen PC, PS5, and Xbox Series X game, given that the original just released in fall of last year.
9095	However, it’s something the latter isn’t worrying about today.
9096	However, it’s still 3,021 deaths too many.”
9097	However, it’s still good to know that in the event you do accidentally drop your phone into the pool or get it wet, it should still function without any issues if you’re quick to dry it off.
9098	However, it was delayed time and time again amid the coronavirus crisis.
9099	However, just two games into the season, Badstieber went into quarantine after being contact traced.
9100	However, Klopfer’s records were so incomplete and inaccurate that Hill’s office was unable to determine where each abortion occurred.
9101	However, Knull proved to be too powerful and the heroes began falling.
9102	However, Larry, I don’t believe your heroism is best reflected by how you made straight society feel.
9103	However, like any competition, time and effort have to go into preparing.
9104	However, Lucasfilm has yet to remake it or make it canon.
9105	However, management thought it wise to cut down some outsourced staffs and may consider cutting down certain services with other services providers should the need arise.
9106	However many times you replay the tape, our side still lost,” he said.
9107	However, nine districts have no government medical college.
9108	However, no arrest has been made yet.
9109	However, none can be so blind as the righteous.
9110	However, no one has opposed.
9111	However, no plea was taken from them pending a chemist report.
9112	However, officials said it was not immediately clear if this particular batch was tested.
9113	However, officials say they see a “pattern” in Pakistan’s recent statements, with a view to targeting India ahead of January 2021, when India will join as a non-permanent member for a two year term at the U.N. Security Council.
9114	However, once the forwards took control again, two powerful lineout drives sent George over for two tries in three minutes.
9115	However, once unplugged from the constraints of his party’s narrow, disciplined and repetitive campaign, Coe gave the concession speech on Saturday night that was eloquent, kind and inclusive.
9116	However, other community leaders said masks remained necessary if travel restrictions were lifted and Melburnians were coming to the area.
9117	“However, other IT/BT employees should be encouraged to work from home as a maximum of one-third of them only will be allowed to attend offices,” Yediyurappa added.
9118	However, our estimated company-run severely adverse credit loss rate of 4.2% is significantly lower.
9119	However, Peduto tells KDKA these organizers have refused to meet to discuss ways to make changes.
9120	However, performance will never be perfect.
9121	However, PIA has got a number of maintenance issues, which include cannibalization of parts, and a can-do attitude which is often reckless about safety.
9122	However, President Zuma’s government lifted the shale fracking ban in 2012 thus opening up 485 Tcf of gas reserves for drilling.
9123	However, Rangila still exhibits signs of psychological stress and trauma that will take much longer to heal.”
9124	However, reacting to the position of the old students, DCE for the area Samuel Kwame Agyekum said the decision has been made and the old students will have to appeal to the Ghana Health Service if they have concerns.
9125	However, residential neighbors in nearby apartment complexes haven’t taken to the adaptation as well.”
9126	However, SARS-CoV-2 spreads faster, sometimes with hidden symptoms, allowing each infected person to infect several others.
9127	However, several YSRCP leaders have condemned the statements of the opposition parties and vowed to punish the people responsible for the chariot burning case.
9128	However, she could not take the threats seriously as she went to reveal the act to her mother Sanisai Gumbeze who was attending their vegetable garden.
9129	However, she encouraged emerging fashion designers in the country to look into the fashion industry with a positive eye saying fashion is an integral element in the society.
9130	However, she impresses with a smooth delivery.
9131	However, she purchased travel insurance from Old Republic Insurance Company of Canada (ORIC) and wants it to repay the remainder.
9132	However, she will have a different Raja this time with the celebration being marred by the pandemic.
9133	However, since everything is stored and saved on the smartphone, keeping their private lives private, can seem to be a challenge at times.
9134	However, some lawmakers, including Tunde Braimoh, Rotimi Olowo and Gbolahan Yishawu, queried the criteria used by the committee in the nomination and sought to know the specific performances of the nominees.
9135	However, some of them are direct references to other titles.
9136	However, some professors have had to get more creative than others.
9137	However, still don’t think we should suffer consequences for it.
9138	However, strong as they may be, it makes little sense that with a little practice, the Dragonborn can fashion weapons and armor that absolutely trump them.
9139	However, SunSport reports efforts by the medical team to resuscitate the 21-year-old proved futile, with the promising rally driver dying at the scene of the incident.
9140	However, tech industry analysts believe that the event will still have the iPhone 12 as the highlight.
9141	However, Tennis Australia has made detailed plans – yet to receive final government sign-off – for "controlled bubbles" in various cities that allow players to travel from hotels to practice courts.
9142	However, that all changed with the judgment of the Divisional Court and then the Court of Appeal in this case (see my earlier blog post on this judgment here).
9143	However, that has not stopped this gold card from being a force to be reckoned with.
9144	However, the comment did not go down well with Kohli and Anushka’s fans and some even demanded his sacking from Star Sports commentary panel, lashing out at him on social media.
9145	However, the contractually-mandated royalty per container payable by the operators to the port trusts remained unchanged irrespective of whether the terminals handled foreign-bound containers or coastal containers.
9146	However, the crowd did not back down.
9147	However, the current lockdown has placed additional pressure on children and young people as they adapt to isolation, change and loss caused by the current covid-19 pandemic.
9148	However, the data suggests that adults with SCD may be more vulnerable to adverse outcomes.
9149	However, the driver died from his injuries prior to the arrival of either fire department.
9150	However, the EC, after scrutinising the records, allowed the state Assembly Secretary to declare the results around 9 p.m.
9151	However, the era in which Parton achieved her fame also included male country stars such as -- with "The Gambler" and “Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain,” respectively, among others -- earning as many pop crossover hits as Parton had in country.
9152	However, the farmers major distraction caused by the fast-spreading Covid-19 pandemic has only been failure to conduct meetings in big groups as in the past.
9153	However, the festival was canceled due to social distancing requirements related to COVID-19.
9154	However, the former Minister of Justice and Attorney General, seized the opportunity to highlight that though the apology was appropriate, the effect that the ‘propaganda’ had on his political fortunes was unfortunate.
9155	However, the fundamental reason that we are here is for your government not to allow the crisis to linger.
9156	However, the ICT-infrastructure and rising data consumption as element of further digitalization will also lead to higher energy consumption to provide these services.
9157	However, their forwards struggled to get into dangerous positions (Source – Opta).
9158	However, the Italian coach has warned his players not to let that euphoria distract them from the importance of today’s clash against the high-flying Sirens who are looking to secure an historic qualification to European football.
9159	However, the lack of adequate testing should not delay aggressive action immediately.
9160	However, the leader of the ring, the person she knew who was wanted by the FBI and who organized the operation, is now an international fugitive.
9161	However, the leather goods market share growth by the footwear segment will be slower than the growth of the market by LBWP segment.
9162	However, the maître d’hôtel doesn’t read the situation right.
9163	However, The Nation reported that Peters is now being detained and questioned at the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department (SCIID), Yaba.
9164	However, the North Korean forces are fanatically devoted to Kim Jong-Un and the Kim regime—which more resembles a Confucian monarchy with Stalinist stylings than Soviet-style communism.
9165	However, the online portal for paying bills will be affected during these hours.
9166	However the out come cannot be cooked.
9167	However, the police and the medical health department have been able to trace their contacts, this has yielded good results,” the CM said.
9168	However, the political season has also paved way for them to share their beautiful sides with constituents and Ghanaians at large.
9169	However, the president of the Tribunal that the application does not mean Morales will even be a candidate on the ballot.
9170	However, the Prime Minister told the Scottish Tory Conference - taking place digitally this year - on Saturday that his comments had not been reported “entirely accurately" and that the disaster had been the way that the SNP had handled devolution.
9171	However, there is an anomaly in this claim in light of the government's intention to reduce the cost of degrees such as nursing in order to attract more students.
9172	However, there is another epithet that Oda intended for him, and that's "Clairvoyant."
9173	However, there is a third variety seen only by the most dangerous masters of the Dark Side: Red Force Lightning.
9174	However there may have been a reason Butler was among the teams five released players on Friday ahead of the majority of cuts coming on Saturday.
9175	However, the report says there is “a large uncertainty” about the pace and duration of the recovery.
9176	However, there were reports of violence in LRT stations, which were not equipped with adequate services or trained workers.
9177	However, there were several other messages from UK fans demanding to know how they can watch the Oz programme, which premieres on Sunday, in Britain - but unfortunately this isn't yet possible.
9178	“However, the shortfalls of NASA’s fiscal year 2021 budget proposal make it impossible to fully fund all of NASA’s proposed activities.”
9179	However, the spokesperson did not want to speculate on such a matter for the time being.
9180	However, the tricky conditions in is set to deliver a fascinating race this morning.
9181	However, the venue has now cancelled the event and told them to pay a cancellation fee amounting to 80% of the total cost of the wedding, as listed in their wedding contract.
9182	However, the villainous duo of Max Zorin (Christopher Walken) and his henchwoman May Day (Grace Jones) help Roger Moore shine, throwing in banter in-between fisticuffs and throwing people out of a blimp if they get out of line.
9183	However, the WHO in its guidance on malaria treatment warns against using artemisinin as an oral monotherapy.
9184	However, they are placed second in the ICC World Test Championships points table, behind leaders India.
9185	However, they are saying it's not as effective although the caretaker councillors are trying their best," she said.
9186	However, they may pay homage to the departed souls at the cemeteries on the other days in November, the release added.
9187	However, they will have to overcome a poor record against the Highlanders.
9188	However, things get exciting when the show unravels the key details of Asher's murder and the only person who knows about it is Gabriel.
9189	However, this designation isn't quite accurate.
9190	However, this hasn't been confirmed.
9191	However, this is something Markle and Harry had already slowly started incorporating before leaving the royal family.
9192	However, this made it difficult to construct the famous Hall of Mirrors (where a few centuries later the Treaty of Versailles would be signed).
9193	However, this means will not be in action, for now till May 3rd.
9194	However, this Monday changes came into effect moving these meetings to 9 Downing Street – with journalists having to go through official Downing Street security.
9195	'However, to ensure we continue offering our customers the best service and experience, we invested and upgraded our click and collect pick up point at the Waitrose and Partners, Southsea.'
9196	However, Ullmer also admits the coating hasn’t eliminated the problem, which is deemed too rare to warrant further correction.
9197	However, Van Persie has warned United over quick fixes and ‘risky’ big-name signings and hopes Solskjaer is given time to develop his own ‘philosophy’ in the same way that Klopp has on Merseyside.
9198	However, Varadkar said any changes to allow pubs reopen would be dependent on the case numbers.
9199	However, visitors must be more vigilant about respecting health and safety rules regardless of the circumstances."
9200	“However, we advise investors to take positions in only fundamentally justified stocks as the weak macro environment remains a significant headwind for corporate earnings,” Cordros Securities stated.
9201	However, we never really see these characters after.
9202	However, we think the Eagles are the only team in the division that isn’t actually terrible and is closest to competing.
9203	However, we will say that if you want perfect positional audio then you might like to look at others on this list.
9204	However, when it comes to English history, a cool dribble of good is allowed to distract from a hot current of bad.
9205	However, when tales like were first introduced by Disney, they were full of tropes and goofs and wild scenes that fit in and made sense.
9206	However, when you have a trip that you want to plan together, it aligns both of your efforts.
9207	However, which party alliance did Mesfin Hagos have or is?
9208	However, while noting that the public health authority components of these apps “generally share little data” and are “quite private”, Leith warned that the Irish app contained a type of ‘supercookie’.
9209	However, with all the accolades earned, it would be very hard to say any of them haven’t earned the honor.
9210	However, with North Korea silent and South Korea dismissing the reports, one can assume that the evidence at the moment points to the country’s leader being well.
9211	However, without speed guys like Austin and Lenzy on the outsides to stretch the defense, theyâ€™re limited by the lack of burners.
9212	However, with the outbreak of COVID-19, the road closure by the Karnataka Police has left Delampady residents in the lurch.
9213	Howe were along similar lines.
9214	How, exactly, packets did not get dropped off or came in duplicates during the update/leave is unclear.
9215	How far should coronavirus policing go?
9216	How Harry Soref built a company that produced 80,000 padlocks per day.
9217	How has Luther womens’ rugby helped you grow?
9218	How have you been affected by the pandemic?
9219	How have your colleagues coped with trading through the pandemic?
9220	Howie decides to have the stone go to auction and starts to play his prospective profits into other deals, all of which start to go sour.
9221	How I learned to love my body as a female athlete.
9222	How ingenious is that?
9223	How in the world is that?
9224	How involved are Guyanese Americans in this or other elections and in politics in general in the US?
9225	How is Switzerland coming to terms with the syndrome?
9226	How is the university preparing to deal with that loss?
9227	How is this even on your list of things that need to be done in the District?
9228	Howitzer throws as he rolls out — even to his left — and doesn’t bother fully planting his legs.
9229	"How I want them to see me is that when I am dancing they know that there is a male ballet dancer.
9230	Howley powered his way back in and tagged in Stoker, who came in and started to work Smith’s arm.
9231	Howley with a roll up for the win.
9232	“How many lives need to be harmed or lost?” asked Jen Moore, a licensed professional counselor.
9233	How many of my generation were scrubbed in the old tin bath?
9234	How many of those were in the Superbowl?
9235	How many people would actually bother to do this is anyone's guess.
9236	How many women he yelled at or shamed or criticized.
9237	How Much Has Changed from the Books?
9238	How much money do major food/beverage companies give to political parties?
9239	How much mutual hand washing was involved?
9240	How much would you care if all you been told is that we're all going to die?
9241	How much would you have to pick up for others?
9242	How pervasive it is and what the impacts are we don't know.
9243	How realistic do you think my goals are, based on what I’ve told you?
9244	How refined his skill with this Haki is, isn't known yet.
9245	How revealing can a pop documentary be?
9246	How scary is this version?
9247	“How ‘SharpieGate’ went from online disinformation to back up broader conspiracies”
9248	How should Chatham County schools handle reopening?
9249	How should we think of him now?
9250	HOW’S life under the government of the English nationalist party going?
9251	How times had changed.
9252	How to Find an Honest Online Casino to Play Slots?
9253	How to Fix a Drug Scandal has a two-pronged approach to telling this tale: One is to explore the stories of Farak and Dookhan from their childhoods to their ultimate criminal behavior and the consequences of it.
9254	“How to plan a garden and that garden, especially at this size, is all about teamwork.”
9255	How to track an outbreak was pushed to the forefront recently when Greenburgh-North Castle, a special act district based in Westchester County, had a staff member test positive during their in-person summer school.
9256	How true is that for unschooling?
9257	How was this accomplished as people stood in lines right next to each other waiting to bank and buy food.
9258	How will COVID-19 affect Philly in the fall?
9259	How will Netflix films do?
9260	How will you create change for good for all people?
9261	Hoyland accounted for 14 of Wyoming’s 34 points in their overtime loss at Nevada last Saturday.
9262	HP’s Proactive Security product offers rigorous protection against malicious links and files sent via email and chat apps, or transferred when using external storage devices.
9263	HPV testing for screening cervical cancer patients by 2023.
9264	HR5010 proposes to allow states to negotiate with the federal government for removal of any barrier to improving health system function, including statutes (like ERISA), rules or budget regulations.
9265	HRD Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal congratulated the institute director.
9266	HRD Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal ‘Nishank’ said, “On the occasion of Republic Day, I congratulate students, parents and all related to the education sector.”
9267	HSL said it acted as a second pair of eyes to accurately detect and characterise colonic polyps as cancerous or non-cancerous – at a much faster rate than any other system of its kind.
9268	Hsu, a lawyer now working from home, often finds herself staying up past midnight emailing people and coordinating 92130 Cares projects.
9269	HTTP requests made by some internal modules could not be inspected for CORS at all.
9270	Huawei is also building the digital infrastructure to accompany the Belt and Road Initiative (the “digital silk road”).
9271	Huawei may be offering a lower cash price to establish the UK’s 5G network than American or British companies, but that price will not only be paid in pounds or dollars.
9272	Hubby was planning on firing up the fire pit, but wood was sold out at our Safeway yesterday.
9273	Hudson and Hawn vacationed in Aspen over the holidays with their significant others and additional members of their family.
9274	Huldt says she pays 31% tax in California, although many of her expenses are deductible.
9275	Human beings, as a species, should just wrap it up and die off.
9276	Human beings, he says, are social animals and cope in a crisis by coming together.
9277	Human indiscipline has led to a spike in cases in those countries.
9278	Humanity has been surviving plagues for thousands of years, and we have managed to learn a lot along the way.
9279	HUMAN REMAINS FOUND: Homicide detectives are still investigating the human remains that were found earlier today near Compton Creek in Rancho Dominguez.
9280	Human rights groups say abuses against women are only getting worse.
9281	Human rights to freedom of movement, the right to privacy, emerging the right to be forgotten are all threatened with invasive actions taken by governments.
9282	Hundreds of people (and sometimes millions of dollars) are involved in the production, marketing, and distribution of the final product.
9283	Hundreds of people, comprising schoolkids and families, visit it every day to pay respect to those who sacrificed their lives for the country,” International Sarv Kamboj Samaj President Bobby Kamboj told IANS.
9284	Hundreds of surfers paddle out and create a memorial circle.
9285	Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said his government was drafting a “war plan” to defend against another wave of infection.
9286	Hunted by the Master, she baits him into coming to her.
9287	Hunter Biden touches nearly no voters’ lives and matters less than all of those other issues.
9288	Hunter has a bachelor's degree in history from Georgetown and is a 1996 Yale Law School graduate.
9289	Hunter resigned from his seat representing the rare red district in Southern California, and the seat is now up for grabs in a runoff race come November.
9290	“Hunters” also features some hiss-worthy villains, including Dylan Baker as the oily politician Biff Simpson; Greg Austin as an American-born, next-generation Nazi killer, and Lena Olin as “The Colonel,” the leader of what she calls “The Fourth Reich.”
9291	Hunting with dogs was banned in England & Wales in 2004 (Scotland in 2002) because of the profound suffering it causes to foxes and other hunted animals, such as stags and hare.
9292	Hunt is from the Cleveland area.
9293	Huntsville also scored as the 13th-best city in America for the full national list.
9294	Huobi Token (HT) traded 2.2% higher against the dollar and now trades at $4.21 or 0.00047107 BTC.
9295	Hurricane Isaias made landfall in southern North Carolina near Ocean Isle Beach around 11:10 PM EDT Monday as a Category 1 Hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
9296	Hurwitz reflects on the emotions she felt, both about her daughters death and the events of Oct. 27, 2018.
9297	Hutterites have two terrible flaws.
9298	Hwy 55 bridge replacement– Replace bridge over the Pomme de Terre River near Barrett.
9299	Hydrogen, on the other hand, can burn hot enough to run a blast furnace, and also be used as an ingredient in necessary chemical processes for products like steel.
9300	Hypothetically speaking, what would it feel like to be a kid innocent of a crime but helplessly forced to witness the suffering of your loved ones?
9301	Hyundai doesn't say exactly how big the RM20e's battery pack is, only confirming that it produces 810 horsepower and 708 pound-feet of torque.
9302	"I actually live and experience this every day," Rancano says.
9303	I actually voted for Hillary.
9304	I admit that I have struggles in my life.
9305	"I admit the isolation policy was not perfect.
9306	I agree completely with the authors that voting in the U.S. should be mandatory and regulated as they describe.
9307	I agree with Sean.
9308	I agree with the generally accepted priorities of inter-island travel, employment and housing needs but these issues require an integrated approach; always looking for innovative, cost-effective and sustainable solutions.
9309	I agree with your view that the nations of Eastern Europe — particularly the Baltic states and Ukraine — have not sufficiently confronted their own complicity in the Holocaust.
9310	I also do a bit of cross fit on the side.
9311	I also encourage you to be aware of your own sense of loss, if you ever do perceive it as such, and to seek help from secular counselors if you need to process it.
9312	I also had my share of fights with Sidharth Shukla and Nikki Tamboli.
9313	I also like the visual of Undisputed Era having all the awards because it matches Cole’s prophesy of they having “all the gold”.
9314	I also never ever cheated on you."
9315	I also noticed during this second lockdown that I was not as mentally strong as I had been during the first one.
9316	I also think people should be as informed as possible, and all knowledge reg. the development of the covid-19 situation should be open.
9317	I also told him about how much I liked the Auro character played by him in the Paa movie.
9318	I also want to commend our Operations and Technology group, which has seamlessly kept us on the air and enabled us to work remotely under challenging circumstances.
9319	''I also want to promise you that all those involved in this barbaric act will face the consequence of the law,'' Governor Dapo Abiodun explained while talking to the family of late Tiamiyu.
9320	“I also want to thank and apologise to the local police, who had better things to do than check up on me.
9321	I also went to London, where I stayed for a week and then came to Dubai on September 20. I had to home-isolate only at a couple of places.
9322	I always say: if I see a man and woman walking about naked, I’ll know I’m in Eden.”
9323	“I always tell my students I am from Missouri and you have to show me,” Kluesner said.
9324	Iâ€™m 35 and it was my first time out of the service industry.
9325	I am about to go to the liquor store as, miasma or no miasma, I never fail to commemorate Good Friday, the day in 1867 when Anne Frank joined forces with the Easter Bunny to stop Joseph Stalin from putting Louis Riel’s name on the Stanley Cup.
9326	I am a grandmother in her 70s and a retired lawyer.
9327	I am a huge fan of yours, and thank you and the Lion’s Club for honoring Veteran’s Day.
9328	“I am always looking forward to your posts,” another remarked, including two heart-eyes emoji in the comment.
9329	I am arranging your trip now, your fellow passengers are James Corden, Mumblebjork.
9330	I am a senior and these days seniors love their papers.
9331	I am a visionary man who works very hard to keep my wife at home with our children.
9332	“I am aware that many of us in this room may have a lot of concerns over tax policy and administration of issues particularly as we transition from the multi-currency system to the mono-currency regime,” said the deputy minister.
9333	"I am aware that there are people in my party and in my state who will strenuously disapprove of my decision, and in some quarters, I will be vehemently denounced," Romney added.
9334	I am coming to you from before the tomb of the Venerable Servant of Christ, Fulton Sheen, who was extremely devoted to Our Lady and what she has meant to people of faith for 20 centuries.
9335	“I am convinced they will carry us through these difficult times.”
9336	“I am crying because of God, because the name of God should not be put to shame, especially when you’re talking of white garment church.
9337	I am currently on a different work assignment.
9338	"I am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Jack Charlton and my thoughts are with his wife Pat, his family and friends," he said.
9339	I am doing it, you also do the same,” she says in the clip.
9340	"I am excited for her journey to be over and for her to be somewhere where she can just be safe and happy."
9341	I am experiencing mild symptoms, and am following all appropriate protocols, including being in quarantine and conducting contact tracing,' he wrote on Twitter.
9342	I am focusing on my career.
9343	I am from a low socioeconomic background.
9344	I am from Wilkesboro and I chose App State because of my awesome experience at Scholars Day.
9345	I am glad you captured the situation succinctly.
9346	I am going to exercise my political rights,” said González Cruz, referring to his right to return to his previous position.
9347	I am happy to respond to her request,” Delaney replied on the same day, a few hours after receiving the request.
9348	I am heartened to here that such a meeting is planned in order to better coordinate our fight against the virus.
9349	I am hoping they can each push each other to get better.
9350	I am, however, appreciating every last bite of food I'm eating today.
9351	“I am in good spirits, will continue to work from home and expect to make a full recovery,” Pietig said in a statement.
9352	I am keeping it well watered, it has dropped just about all of its leaves.
9353	I am not a healthcare worker, so I will not be among the first wave, and I’m not elderly so I will not be in the second wave.
9354	I am not her to mock or undermine their very sincere feelings of loss.
9355	I am not one of these politicians that you think will just come.
9356	I am not perfect and have many days where I make bad decisions.
9357	"I am not satisfied that you genuinely intend to stay temporarily in Australia," the denial notice to Mosweu read.
9358	I am not saying you can’t do that with marriage, but for me, I’m not ready to give myself 110 percent to somebody else and I believe when you enter marriage you need to be willing and absolutely committed to that person.”
9359	I am overjoyed to be welcoming my baby boy into the world this January It's almost like everything I thought mattered in this life has completely changed.
9360	“I am personally touched and saddened by the death of your senior wife Hajiya Binta Umar at the age of 70.
9361	I am pleased to be able to do this now.”
9362	“I am proud that we have transmitted the principle of devoted customer-focus into a five-decade legacy that would continue to be the compass with which we steer the next half-century of operational excellence.
9363	I am seeking assistance from any person who is willing to assist by contributing whatever you can to help me to have a chance at life and to continue to fight this battle.
9364	"I am so frustrated with Wendell over us losing today.
9365	“I am so sorry to all the people who shared their accounts of not being believed over their chronic health problems and invisible disabilities,” she wrote.
9366	I am sure many of you are tempted to say, “of course a hurricane form in December, it’s 2020.”
9367	"I am sure that life as we knew it will return, families will celebrate again, and clubs, theatres and soccer stadiums will be full again," she said.
9368	“I am sure they will bring great skill sets and other intangibles that will help the team have a successful season,” Mosby said.
9369	I am thinking this as my partner, Steve, and I step gingerly through a veil of fine snow falling into knee-high drifts relentlessly as flour through an old-fashioned sifter.
9370	“I am very busy, and I assumed that he would be too busy.
9371	I am/we are long BJ.
9372	I am writing about this because of the other tragedy I witnessed – the now infamous real-world insanity of the bail reform measures that have had a clear, direct and unambiguous consequence for our community.
9373	Ian Flanigan has been a standout star on The Voice season 19. The full-time musician is a favorite among the judges.
9374	Ian Levy is creative editorial director for FanSided.com and manager of the NBA verticals The Step Black and Nylon Calculus.
9375	“I apologize on behalf of God and country.
9376	“I appeal for restraint and neutrality from the security forces.”
9377	“I appreciate the issue you’re talking about and I understand the ramifications, but I don’t think that was the answer.
9378	I asked, how could the project survive a new president who has pretty unequivocally said he will kill it, and who owes the U.S. environmental movement for its support?
9379	I asked them where their mother was and they said she had gone out.
9380	'I ask you to accept my apology and accept my word that I will not do this to anyone ever again.'
9381	I assume there is a body that sets strategy but there is no sign of it having done so in the last c.5 years.
9382	I assume this is a labor of love, and that’s always a good thing — even though this answer is going to emphasize the “labor” part.
9383	I assure you that there is hope.
9384	I believe Burgum has the best case, but the courts could buy into Stenehjem and the Legislature's argument that there is a statute already addressing this situation.
9385	I believe Fauci as much as I believe WHO.
9386	I believe he received medication to help him with that.
9387	I believe in Abe, he is a real gentleman.
9388	I believe in him and I believe Nigerians should believe in him.”
9389	I believe in the concept of being “proactive.”
9390	“I believe in the final triumph of righteousness,” Lowery stated.
9391	I believe in where we’re going to be.
9392	I believe it's an indirect result of increased cash in the industry.
9393	"I believe it's an injustice.
9394	I believe once you begin to understand the differences in your spouse and the way he/she thinks, you will begin to understand that the best way to get your needs met is to try meeting their needs.
9395	I believe, over time, Brian Doyle’s writing will become more well-known and beloved.
9396	“I believe people who say there needs to be dialogue don’t know the full history of the situation,” said Ariana Khateeb, a current Palestinian student.
9397	“I believe that Gilchrist County is changing and the voters want alcohol sales on Sunday in the unincorporated areas of the county,” Mr Smith explained to the Commissioners.
9398	I believe that if we were able to do that, the fans would respond in a positive way.
9399	I believe that the most important breakthrough was the maturation of precision tactical ballistic missiles that can be launched in very depressed trajectory.
9400	I believe that Trans Lives Matter and, as president, I will fight on behalf of every vulnerable person in this country.
9401	I believe together with my new teammates we will be able to grind the results to make the fans happy although I reckon it would not come that easy," he told this paper.
9402	I believe we were going to do well.”
9403	I bet Democrats have spent a lot of sleepless nights with their crack-pipe worried that Black Friday might offend someone.
9404	I bet, Mithun Rai, will be proud of his YOUNG FANS! or shall I call them the “COVID WARRIORS”!
9405	Ibom Air started operations in June 2019 thanks to funding from the government of Akwa Ibom, Nigeria’s largest oil-producing state.
9406	I brought her home and this little one-day-old grew up in front of me, slept in my room, crawled up using her teeth and the bedcover, followed me and sat on a bucket while I bathed, looked at the mirror and played hide and seek with it.
9407	I buy your products, too!
9408	I called his name but he ran away.
9409	“I called out for my sister, ‘Addie!
9410	'I came across this amazing house completely by accident,' Colin said.
9411	“I came out and the woman had come to me and said call 911 and then left and went back down the road,” said Shaw.
9412	I came running in. … And as I got closer I could see … There was a rope around her neck.
9413	I campaigned for democracy for many years, building credibility, and it was heart-warming that the world acknowledged what we had been through with the award of the Nobel Peace Prize in 2011.
9414	I can accept that,” she said during an appearance on Joe Rogan's podcast, The Joe Rogan Experience.
9415	“I can assure you there is no penalty for taking the census, but there is certainly a penalty if our city has a low response rate, and that is a loss of millions upon millions of dollars in services, resources and infrastructure.”
9416	“I canceled the Obama-Biden sellout to the Castro regime.”
9417	I can certainly see how J-Lo and Shakira will today feel united in celebration joy, love, unity and happiness.
9418	I can fix this.
9419	I can get two large loaves and six pizza bases from one bag.
9420	“I can name the 11 members of both my families who didn’t get out of Europe — at least 11 that I know of.
9421	I can negotiate with private traders or companies to some extent because I have better resources than the small and marginal farmers (he owns over 25 acres of land in Patiala’s Lachkani village).
9422	I cannot believe the amount of threats that are made towards our president from celebrities and all liberals that they are only taking threats against democrats serious.
9423	I cannot condemn the perpetrator strongly enough, and we must acknowledge the deeper tragedy of global antisemitism, xenophobia and bigotry that threatens the fiber of societies worldwide.”
9424	I cannot vote for anyone who wants everyone on Earth to die.
9425	I can see that colored might invoke images of the Democrats’ Jim Crow days but how is ‘person of color’ any better?
9426	"I can see that you are communicating with your counsel via your phone while on the stand.
9427	I can’t actually trace the etymology back any further, even if I switch sport to rugby and its variants of ‘fending’, so I’m happy to call Gillis the first-documented stiff-armer.
9428	I can’t be cavalier, but I need to balance that with the necessity to keep my family eating, paying the mortgage, you know?”
9429	‘I can’t believe how good they all are’ says Mandy.
9430	I can't even with your logic.
9431	“I can’t ever recall a time when the difference between a 50-50 Senate and a 51-49 Senate was so stark,” said Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Democrat.
9432	I can’t get over how they’re going to lose another case this month.
9433	I can't imagine attempting passage in a loaded semi.
9434	I can’t imagine eating cereal without milk.
9435	“I can’t imagine my career without ‘Friends in Low Places.’
9436	"I can't imagine that public opinion polls would find a chemical trace of unprompted name recognition," he said.
9437	I can’t make the decision on whether to cancel a trip, or leave early, since different people go to the beach for different reasons.
9438	I can't see him on an iPhone.
9439	I can't see why — I love this town."
9440	I can’t talk to my husband about it—telling him about the affair would only hurt him, and when this kind of topic has come up in the past, he has been very clear that if anything ever happened, he wouldn’t want to know.
9441	“I can’t tell you how hurt and frustrated and confused I am about what’s going on,” Colby Ryan said in a video posted on his YouTube channel.
9442	“I can’t tell you that I have a specific opinion,” Lerman says.
9443	I can’t wait for the radio broadcasts to get going and for our advertisers to make that connection with fans, new and old.”
9444	"I can’t wait to give u my album this month," she tweeted on October 14.
9445	I can’t wait to watch kids take this on.
9446	"I can walk away from the game holding my head high knowing that football, it's a game, but forming relationships and friendships means a lot more than losing a game of footy."
9447	Icasa spokesperson Paseka Maleka said the licence was granted on the basis that the station would only broadcast Easter programming as a Christian radio station.
9448	Ice loss from Greenland’s massive ice sheet will cause sea levels to rise more during the 21st century than they have during any 100-year period in the last 12,000 years, even if global warming is held in check, scientists said Wednesday.
9449	I certainly didn’t like myself much anyway.
9450	ICE was looking for someone who had once lived there but had moved out; they ended up arresting two others who were there but not Rosie.
9451	“I challenged him,” coach Greg Carvel said after the 4-3 win at home.
9452	“I chose what inspired me the most, and I feel like this collection is kind of a hint to the next collection,” Doja Cat said.
9453	I clearly said, “This is exactly why Trump loves the poorly educated.”
9454	I close my eyes and try to breathe consciously, relieving my pulse and burden in my head, so I could focus just on the next strike and the next point,” he explained.
9455	”I commend Interim President Guaidó for the courage and leadership he has shown in his efforts to return democracy to Venezuela, and I offer Canada’s continued support,” Trudeau said in a statement.
9456	I commend Lebron James who, without question, was the greatest catalyst for challenging so many athletes to leave their comfortable circumstances to realize they could have been any of the above-mentioned tragedies.
9457	I complained about this, but nothing changed.
9458	I concentrate on the substance of this, which is 'let's strengthen Turkey's ability to host refugees until they can go back safely, voluntarily to their countries'."
9459	ICONI sells a women’s collection, including leggings, hoodies, joggers and sports bras.
9460	I continued to have some grudging success on some of the issues that arose.
9461	I continue to enjoy the idea of visual storytelling and using images to contribute to or express an idea.
9462	I could have helped her with her substance abuse issues.
9463	“I couldn’t believe how high the standard was,” Kate says.
9464	“I couldn’t believe I was seeing him,” she said, her voice breaking.
9465	I couldn’t imagine the amount of time it would take for me to achieve this dream on my own.
9466	“I couldn’t wait to be able to be a part of that event myself my senior year.”
9467	ICT minister Jenfan Muswere yesterday called on the Postal and Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (Potraz) to promote innovation and prioritize research if the country is to keep abreast with ICT technological advancements.
9468	Icy conditions were reported on the highway at the time of the crash.
9469	Idahoans cross 295 bridges that are deemed structurally deficient while 1,550 bridges are in need of repair.
9470	IDAHO FALLS — Reporting new COVID-19 deaths is becoming increasingly common in eastern Idaho’s two health districts.
9471	Idaho is going to be at the center of a world changing event.
9472	“I’d also like to say a heartfelt thank you to everyone who is staying at home.
9473	'I dare say if I did spend my waking hours reading my own fan mail I probably would feel Darcy was following me around,' he once told the Daily Mail.
9474	"I'd argue Henry has done a pretty good job of striking a balance of opening up and protecting people," he said.
9475	I’d been so inspired and in love with the book as a young man, and then the film.
9476	I'd be giving them the same numbers to go rescue kidnapped children.
9477	“I’d be home in the White House, doing whatever the hell I was doing.
9478	"I’d be slightly surprised if we never made it again."
9479	I'd be willing to give a pass to the big box stores, or loosen their standards, but regular-ass grocery shopping should not allow you to wipe out half the supply of their stock in one trip.
9480	“I definitely, at least temporarily, will be a fan of anyone playing Michigan State,” Bechter cracked.
9481	‘I definitely don’t think it can stay the same, it has definitely changed.
9482	IDES administers the unemployment compensation program.
9483	I did find one open today though.
9484	I did have bits of the fish but it was a very thin batter.’
9485	'I did learn a lot from it though, in particular how to perform in front of the camera which is much harder than I imagined.'
9486	I did not consider it odd that he was naked, or rollerblading or wearing a panda head, but doing all that on a snowy December day.
9487	“I did not know what to do after it had happened and I did not report the incident because they had threatened me with a video.
9488	I didn’t even know that!’
9489	I didn't even plan on it, you know, this way.
9490	"I didn’t expect to be successful in resetting the relationship in a few days," Hogan told reporters in Washington.
9491	I didn’t know if I was going to hit the ball or miss the ball.
9492	I didn’t know that this rescue, called “Operation Moses,” had been delayed because the story broke in the media.
9493	I didn’t know what to say, as I wasn’t used to these reactions in the real world.
9494	“I didn’t know where to turn or who to ask,” he says of his estrangement.
9495	“I didn’t really expect to hear back because I figure a lot of people apply for this,” she said about her casting in the soon to be Marvel blockbuster.
9496	I didn't think I'd even be able to get a park, let alone get the shopping done before the store closed.'
9497	“I didn’t want to do it, but I ended up loving it.
9498	I didn't want to go home, I didn't want to go to work," said Hubert.
9499	I disagree with this decision.
9500	I discovered 13 holly saplings 6-10 feet tall chopped down for bike trails which is just wrong in Lacey Woods.
9501	I'd leave the recording sessions always feeling cheerier after playing him!
9502	I’d like to be able to do the front crawl.
9503	I’d like to expand on that for a bit, not in a self-congratulatory way, but in a way that hopefully makes you realize what role our chamber of commerce plays in our local communities.
9504	I’d like to say, “Take a shot and see how it works out,” but that doesn’t seem realistic.
9505	"I’d like to thank the CFA for their understanding and cooperation, despite the difficult situation their team and staff have found themselves in since arriving in Brisbane.
9506	“I’d like to welcome Mayor George Brown with your fresh ideas and your hard work, working with this council, the city and the administration it will have a fantastic future,” Belusko said.
9507	I’d love more stories about women and money.
9508	“I’d love to do the same thing for Washington County,” she said.
9509	'I'd love to have stayed for 35 years, but if I stayed I'd have been watching my back.
9510	I do like how people are petitioning for The Bean to have one.
9511	I do not just operate as the Cabinet Secretary of Health but also as chair of the National Emergency Response Committee team made up of many people.
9512	I do not know Kobe personally… but my friends and I have met him a couple of times these past 2 yrs; and I guess that’s why this is affecting us more than the average fan.
9513	I do not think we are in danger of the impeachment process becoming routine.
9514	I do not think you should skip her wedding, regardless of how tempted you may be.
9515	I don’t believe hydrogen will be the technology that drives our cars in the future.
9516	I don’t blame the player or the coach.
9517	"I don't break Cabinet confidentiality but take a wild guess," he told Newstalk ZB's Mike Hosking, when asked about who was leading the debate to get to level 2 quickly.
9518	I don’t care if I’m hurting.”
9519	I don’t draw when I’m out for a walk, though – I wouldn’t feel comfortable stopping.
9520	I don't eat the skin.
9521	“I don’t even feel like I had a choice.
9522	I don’t feel happy that my kids are not in school.
9523	“I don’t feel it induces calm and restful thoughts, but if it is a colour that puts you at ease, then go for it,” she said.
9524	"I don't function very well at all."
9525	I don't have any doubt about that."
9526	I don’t have to make them leave the house to get tested,” Ms. Reyes-Aceves said.
9527	“I don’t have to wait for the results through the next day.
9528	“I don’t know about you, and our country might be in a bad way, but there’s no place I’d rather live than America,” Wendy said.
9529	I don't know because I thought he was a nice person."
9530	I don’t know, he’s (Johnson) won only one.”
9531	I don’t know how often you read The New York Times, but if you were looking at its coverage of the Southern Oregon wildfires this month, you would have seen a familiar name on many of the stunning photos: Alisha Jucevic.
9532	I don’t know if he said that to make a funny or what, but it’s obviously representative of something much bigger than that.”
9533	I don’t know if it’s because my body has given up interest or if it’s just how I’d feel in any monogamous relationship at this age anyway.
9534	I don't know if I was ambitious as a kid.
9535	I don’t know if this sounds silly but sometimes do you ever meet people in life and just feel like something else had a part to play in it?
9536	I don’t know that it’s the politics of it all, but I haven’t really had much backlash.
9537	I don’t know the financial situations of other clubs but I would say it would be very detrimental to the financial well-being.
9538	“I don’t know the reasons why / I’m the one who’s driving by and she’s the one on the corner of 18th Street?”
9539	… I don’t know what I would have done if ice cream were not invented.”
9540	I don't know what my age has to do with my political perspective right now.
9541	I don’t know what state ’s in nowadays, but undoubtedly better than it was when I played it three years ago.
9542	I don't know what that balance is."
9543	“I don’t know what to think,” Varilek said.
9544	"I don't know when I'm gonna go back," she added.
9545	“I don’t know who put up the blockade, but I assume it wasn’t fairies at night.”
9546	I don’t know why you fear “density”, Connecticut isn’t exactly the wide open plains.
9547	I don't like socialism and that's exactly what's going on with our country!"
9548	I don’t like the 50/50 booking and people with win streaks taking losses to further someone else’s story.
9549	“I don’t make money from Ukraine, you do.
9550	"I don't need appreciation for this.
9551	I don’t really care if mine do as long as I get better value for them.
9552	I don’t really have one.
9553	I don’t remember a lot of them but I remember just playing that cassette over and over, and I stayed up all night.
9554	“I don’t remember the last time I spoke to him, since the Cup of Nations tournament there hasn’t been any contacts.
9555	I don't say that to score a point or to say that I must be courted.
9556	I don’t see anyone upset with these outlets.
9557	I don’t see them opening anytime soon.”
9558	I don’t tend to need much sleep, although I never have trouble sleeping: that’s years of training – a doctor thing.
9559	I don’t,” the beauty mogul said with disdain.
9560	"I don't think anybody could have done it faster," said Gerald Johnson, GM's global manufacturing chief.
9561	“I don’t think anyone would like that to happen to a county.
9562	“I don’t think I’ll be called, but I will be ready in case," Giuliani said in a text message exchange with USA TODAY.
9563	I don’t think I’m the only coach who went ‘ofer’ against him, I’ll tell you that.
9564	"I don't think I've ever seen this level of marketer action around Facebook."
9565	I don't think Modi's promise is working here," the doctor wrote.
9566	"I don't think she should have to address it.
9567	I don’t think that qualifies me to make any other judgments.
9568	I don’t think there’s any way a majority of our country would vote Biden into office.”
9569	I don’t think this is the last you’ll hear from Kennedy.
9570	I don’t think we have shouted loud enough about the benefits of Gibraltar’s offering yet”, Triay maintained.
9571	"I don't want him to get me again," she told Perez, according to Illuzzi-Orbon, to which she responded, "Oh my God, Harvey Weinstein was the person who raped you!"
9572	I don't want him to get sick because once he gets sick it's more worrying, more stressful to me," Maria says.
9573	I don’t want to be a negative person.
9574	I don’t want to be responsible, to say to someone, ‘Yes!
9575	I don’t want to show up at the virtual wake for high school life and castigate the mourners.
9576	I don’t want you to say the right thing because the one perfect thing isn’t in Seattle, not anymore.”
9577	I don't yet know what the new S-Class will look like, what'll be under its hood or just how opulent the interior will be (my best guess: ).
9578	I do remember at the end of the game, in the shower and coming out of our locker room, feeling obviously disappointed in the result,” Agoos said.
9579	I do remember one particular pass he made with the outside of his foot that was.
9580	I do think Warren had the electoral baggage of being actually pretty damn liberal.
9581	I do trade big, juicy emails with some people in my life, but receiving them isn’t quite the same as slitting open a letter, taking it to a big chair and settling in for the 20 minutes it takes to devour it.
9582	I doubt any of us foresaw the crack team he (or Ousainou Darboe) would later assemble and his refusal to deliver his singular contribution: to resign.
9583	I doubt his mom would.
9584	I do want to ask you to reconsider three things about the recent changes to protocols," he said in the video addressed to Kenney and the Cabinet.
9585	“I do wish we had Mencken around to write about COVID, the virus, and the government’s response right now,” Hart said.
9586	Idris Elba would be great as Bond.
9587	Idriss urged the governor to sustain the efforts by equipping the schools with more books, modern learning aids and sports facilities.
9588	I enjoy my coworkers, but what fills my soul are the kids.
9589	I enjoy watching these games.
9590	“I equally dedicate this victory to my dear wife, Uche Ubah whose birthday is today.
9591	“I even had some friends who don't live in the immediate area, saying hey, give me your address, I want to bring the kids to come check it out.”
9592	I expect Alabama to cover this number by sometime in the third quarter, and I don’t think the Wildcats will claw back to cash.
9593	If 4YO Canberra mare can get some luck from the extreme outside gate, she can drive into the finish.
9594	If AAA let Salina go wild, then they would need to hire security guards to escort her around town.
9595	If a COVID-19 vaccine is developed, should people be forced to get one even if they don’t want it?
9596	If adults are going to work, then children can learn and write exams too.
9597	… I fail to see how surveillance cameras fall within Entergy’s franchise.”
9598	“If all lives matter why are back people killed for just being black?
9599	If all of these steps were taken, the Stag Lord will be incapacitated, down to a few troops, and the hero will have warriors and an owl bear on their side.
9600	If all there is is food and shelter, what is it?
9601	If all those series were three games, that would make 78 games, so a few four-game series could be added to get to 82 games.
9602	If all you care about is the aesthetic of your photos and not, you know, having your friends and family around for your big day, then just don’t invite them.
9603	If a minister is selected from parliament, he or she must subsequently resign as a member of Parliament to take the post of minister.
9604	If an attendee invites 10 or more people who also sign up, they will receive a free Met Council apron.
9605	If an individual does not have their proper PPE, they do not go on the floor, period."
9606	If another player destroys it, then they pay the insurance fee.
9607	If anyone can be said to have had a good 2020, then one of those few is certainly Thiem, who won a hard-fought-for first grand slam title in New York having also reached the Australian Open final.
9608	“If anything, it shows that the district attorney is still fishing for a way to justify his harassment of the president,” Mr. Trump’s lawyers wrote.
9609	If anything, their time together at OSU may’ve created a lifelong friendship.
9610	"If a person was asleep, he would be called to see if he would respond because we were told by the head of the unit, Arthur B Conrad, that detainees were suicidal," Nyampule said.
9611	If Ardern indicates that the lockdown remains on track to be lifted in three weeks, we can look forward to something like normal life for most, except for the tourism and export-education sectors and those who rely on them.
9612	If a student passes a pass/fail class, they will receive credit toward their degree, but there is no effect on the GPA.
9613	If a tweet is found to be “misleading and potentially harmful,” the user will have their account locked and they’ll be made to delete the tweet (or appeal).
9614	If a voter wishes to write-in a candidate, he or she may do so by filling in the bubble next to the box marked “Write-in” and then print the name of the preferred candidate on the designated line.
9615	If a white male says the exact same thing everybody all of a sudden understands because that white male mansplained or whitesplained it.
9616	“If a workforce is trained the same way, you get the same types of solutions.”
9617	If Biden wins, the pharmaceutical industry may be hit with a slash in drug prices.
9618	If Billie takes the Grammy for Best New Artist this year, then there’ll be a lot more copycats arriving and trying to do what she does.”
9619	If both are convicted, they could face up to 40 years in prison.
9620	If Bradley’s attack succeeded, then it would finally have enough space to go roaring through the German rear lines.
9621	If Britain's GDP drops by more than 20 percent, it will have posted the worst performance in the second quarter in Europe, ahead of Spain (-18.5 percent) and France (-13.8 percent).
9622	If cases start to pop up in individuals who had no known contact with another positive case, he explained, it would be a larger cause for concern and could signal a need to reinstate greater restrictions.
9623	If clinging to rock is not your thing, there are also hiking routes to take.
9624	I fear that a Conservative win in the next federal election, which may be the result of voting down the Throne Speech the end of next month, will hinder progress in this direction and continue to view addiction as a criminal issue, not a health issue.
9625	I feel for Trump: he has a predicament much more dire than any election woes – his golf swing is simply terrible.
9626	“I feel if we stayed healthy all year long we could have seen more growth,” Chappell said.
9627	I feel like a whiny little baby even bringing this up, in a year of Dickensian suffering and Machiavellian leadership, but 2020 was like a giant ice cream scooper, taking a generous helping right out of the center of my mind.
9628	"I feel like I'm very much more in touch with who I am now," she says.
9629	I feel like my debut EP — “Blow Out the Sun” — with The Tomorrow People doesn’t reflect where I am currently.
9630	I feel like sh*t; I tricked them.
9631	I feel like we’re back in the time after came out, when every plot twist and choice was over-explained by the creatives and I wanted it to end.
9632	“I feel so blessed to have been part of your lives.
9633	“I feel so grateful.
9634	I feel that he’s there for the right reasons because if he’s not it will come out.
9635	I feel very optimistic we’ll have success this year.”
9636	If efficiency is our goal, it seems the latter path is the obvious choice.
9637	I fell down several times because it’s slick.
9638	“I felt like I was doing pretty well,” said Smith, who has been playing either forward position for the Bears.
9639	I felt like I was walking into his life for a month.
9640	If employers cannot provide a Covid-safe working environment, those who are clinically vulnerable will be able to access financial support including statutory sick pay and welfare payments, it has said.
9641	“If England get off to an early lead on Sunday, it will be difficult for Ireland.
9642	If Europe and the United States are to stave off angry populism, governments there are going to have to fundamentally rethink their purpose and reform accordingly when the pandemic is over.
9643	If for any reason you must go out, take the proper precautions to protect yourself and others.
9644	If found responsible, Ford could face fines in excess of $1,600.00, according to the report.
9645	If Gardner gets his way, how much longer will we get to enjoy those great outdoor places?
9646	If Google thinks that is unfair, fine – they can provide the same information to every website.
9647	If he could be fresh, he could give us much more movement, he could be much more aggressive than he was.
9648	If he doesn’t take the bait, he’s locked in through 2022 (if the Yankees pick up his fourth-year option).
9649	“If he gets that kind of rhythm, he is going to be dangerous, because he knows the feeling and what it takes to win,” said the Spaniard.
9650	“If he hadn’t gone there, they wouldn’t have got out of League 2 the way they did, he was sensational for them.
9651	If he loses, America probably got smart again.”
9652	If he or she falls dead, his son or wife takes over.
9653	If he runs, he’s not going to get very far.
9654	If he’s in White House at that time, what will he do to pay off those loans?
9655	If he’s not the right person then he will get the same treatment anyone who was a failure would.
9656	If he wants $40 million a year, I think they would probably draft and figure it out from there.”
9657	If he were dieing he wouldn't bother to carve "Aaargh."
9658	If he wins the gauntlet, he gets his contract – if he doesn’t, he has to stop asking and go away.
9659	If his words hang in the air too long, there is a danger they will be examined, remembered, taken seriously.
9660	If hospitalizations reach surge capacity, places could close up again.
9661	“If I can’t have you I’m glad it’s Charly who gets you!
9662	If I could've got the last guy, it would've been a home run.
9663	'If I didn't report him when I did, I think he would have gone on to rape me.'
9664	“If I’d kept my money in Sony, between the fees and the returns I would have been doubly better off than I am.”
9665	"If I don't do it he's going to kill me.
9666	‘If I don’t find anyone, I’ll get a sperm donor.
9667	“If I had a dollar for every time I see someone walking past our window who has a look in and see them think, ‘what do they do in there?’ but keep going … We’re funded to help anyone in Healesville, Yarra Glen and surrounding areas.
9668	“If I had known, I might never have joined him,” Simms said one day, with sudden openness.
9669	If I live in Illinois and I own a firearm I'm held to their gun laws.
9670	If I lose to Nicole, I feel like I would be like, 'Okay,'" Cody said in the Diary Room.
9671	“If I made the All-Star Game I would’ve felt a lot better about doing the dunk contest,’’ LaVine said.
9672	“I finally thought about our experience in Super Bowl LI against the Atlanta Falcons.
9673	If indeed there should be anything at all that he or she could do now to revoke that occurrence, certainly it would be done.
9674	I find it interesting that this article appears in a British publication.
9675	I find it laughable to think I might have been part of a honey trap, but it appears to be a distinct possibility."
9676	If individuals want to do the same, we’re posting updates and resources to as we continue to learn through this initiative.
9677	“If infection levels got down to mid-summer levels and it was allowed, it would be lovely to see friends indoors,” says Donnelly.
9678	I finished until the end because while it starts with a trial, I wanted justice for the boy who I had never met before.
9679	I first made this at school more than 30 years ago – and it’s a recipe I stick to now too.
9680	If it grows as fact as Reuters expects, investors could see 131% total returns, or nearly 17% CAGR.
9681	If it happened, it would’ve been interesting to see Steve Rogers meeting Red Skull again on Vormir.
9682	“If it makes the show more resonant, that’s great,” Cavell said.
9683	“If it’s a non-urgent basis you can create some plan based on the dependence and substance involved.”
9684	If it’s a really clear-cut scenario where Biden wins, maybe even one that’s declared on election night, do you think Trump is not likely to fight in the way you’re describing here?
9685	If it’s entered before noon on Tuesday, a payment date should be available on Saturday.
9686	“If it’s not this dough, I don’t make arepas,” said Igor.
9687	“If it’s September (when) we can get together and start with small groups, we can find easily the repertoire,” says Muti.
9688	If its terribleness wasn’t fascinating, it would be unwatchable.
9689	If it’s too late and they’ve already marked up your wall, make sure you clean it off with a solution that matches the implement they used.
9690	If it turns out that they not only received phone calls or messages from infected persons but also were in close proximity with the latter, they will be contacted by officials and possibly placed in quarantine or self-isolation.
9691	"If it was good, it was in the movie.
9692	If it was meant to be, the meme will find you.
9693	“If it works, we celebrate, if it doesn’t we learn from that and we keep going.”
9694	"If I wanted a man to pay my rent, I could easily just call him up and say so.
9695	If I was the mother of one of the NRL players I’d be barricading my doors on Mother's Day.
9696	“If I were deciding the question de novo, I would agree with the majority that the suppressed evidence of hypnosis undermined confidence in the verdict.
9697	If Joe Biden is elected president, one of his first acts should be to give Dr. Dart the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
9698	If led and taught properly we can fast-track this as quickly as possible.
9699	“I flew on EasyJet to Greece in August and it was immaculate — they made us stay seated till the row in front had got off, and there wasn’t that horrendous bunfight.
9700	If milk dumping becomes a long term practice, farmers will eventually reduce their herd numbers to decrease the amount of food, water and other inputs.
9701	If MLB is able to play this season, it will need to get creative to get in as many games as possible.
9702	If Mr Hanks was coming here as a tourist, he wouldn’t be approved."
9703	If my telescope weren't buried under cartons of books in the attic, I wooda hadda closer look.
9704	"If my voice remains unheard, the consequences of the nightmare that I described will be terrible for Bulgaria," Pyotr Ivanov said.
9705	If needed, add water for consistency.
9706	If negative test results for all players and staff are received on that day, the club will resume full team training on Tuesday.
9707	If not, then you will need to make do with a lower frames per second.
9708	If not, what is the Union government doing to enhance its capabilities,” the senior TMC leader told PTI.
9709	If not, you may want to consider another retailer.
9710	If one more site stuffs Hamilton down my throat I swear I'll make my wife watch Tron all day long (duh, the original, of course).
9711	If one of our tribe is in danger then we all need to go on red alert.
9712	If one of the twins wasn’t eating his eggs, I’d make him peanut butter on toast just so we could get moving.
9713	If only he'd been funnier on SNL he might've gotten off with a warning.
9714	If only he had manifested such incompetence during the referendum campaign and the 2019 general election.
9715	If only one cooncillor had raised doots at the same time as the public aboot the guddle the Esplanade was getting into.
9716	I for one am quite keen on leaving something splendid and intact for both our kids and those who follow them.
9717	If other people should seem particularly critical or argumentative, don’t take offence, but try to see the core of truth in their every statement.
9718	If other rapid tests are approved as alternatives to PCR, they will be a lot cheaper.
9719	If O’Toole finishes third and is eliminated from the ballot, much of his second-choice support could put MacKay over the top.
9720	I fought for the title, but unfortunately, I lost, and then I lost again and I lost to (Kamaru) Usman and to Leon (Edwards) and the last one to (Michael) Chiesa.
9721	I found, for example, that if you're young and of South Asian heritage and you drive an expensive looking car in an inner city, then you run the risk of being stereotyped as a drug dealer.
9722	I found it much more interesting to try and hack drones and steal info with a British-Caribbean granny who couldn’t run or crouch than with one of the overpowered superspies that came with my review copy of the game.
9723	I found it really difficult because it (Caroline’s death) was so public, that’s why lockdown was really great if I’m honest because I had that privacy and I had that time.”
9724	“I found myself trying to describe our earth to a new human who had never been here,” Lew says.
9725	I found the experience inhumane, infuriating and frankly dangerous.
9726	If our items are successfully recycled, there’s the carbon cost of carting from our front door to the right facility (another reason not to chuck out or even recycle perfectly reusable glass – it is damned heavy to transport).
9727	“If over 50% of our vote count is voting on election day, then we may have some serious problems.”
9728	IFP Advisors Inc boosted its holdings in shares of Copart by 18.0% in the fourth quarter.
9729	“If people cooperate, I see no reason why we cannot function in an orderly manner and get the desired results,” said Davis.
9730	"If people were to mask and stay away from crowds, we'd be (at) half the cases now," he said.
9731	If pregnancy was unlikely due to a lack of sexual activity, that means it wouldn’t be beneficial for the body to allocate energy to the ovulation process.
9732	If price is your only concern, please do business with my competitor,” the sign read.
9733	I freaked out," she shared.
9734	If Safai and Philhour both win and Melgar, Engardio or Emily Murase win in D7, Ronen will remain one vote short of the six she needs.
9735	If schools or businesses would like to continue the collections, they will have to cover the costs for collection.
9736	If she doesn’t you’re crazy!’
9737	If so, I'd say they nailed the look.
9738	If somehow Biden wins next week, it would be the height of folly for him to interpret this result as a referendum in favor of a return to globalism.
9739	If someone gave me $1 million to launch a startup, I would … develop a smart toilet for automated health data.
9740	If someone is feeling aggrieved by either category of people, it does no good to tell them they’re imagining things.
9741	If someone said on this show 'I wished he’d died', I’d have ripped him, but no one said anything.
9742	“If someone says give me job as I have no work, PM says go to Pakistan.
9743	If something goes wrong with one system, there is always a back-up system and a standby system.
9744	If so, our republic is much the worse for it.
9745	If so, they then proceed to two driving lanes that are marked with traffic cones, which allows adequate space for vehicles and prevents traffic from backing up on Kennedy Memorial Drive.
9746	If so, young people they support Bernie because they’re dumb is not a promising start.
9747	If START II goes, so do the limits on warheads and launchers, and we are back to the height of the Cold War.
9748	If stewards and clubs know what they’re looking for there won’t be any antisemitic banners.
9749	If successful, the modified treatment could significantly expand the pool of patients who are likely to benefit from axi-cel therapy.
9750	If symptoms develop, they should self-isolate and get tested.
9751	If that access were there, and the ideas were good, I think leaders would listen and be willing to give new things a try.”
9752	If that holds, the city could become designated an Orange Zone as soon as Nov. 30.
9753	If that isn’t the case, there ought now to be a serious commitment in terms of provision of required facilities and joint coordination of activities.
9754	If that result is always a few months off, people will stop listening and do whatever they want.
9755	If that’s not too gross.’
9756	If the 11-month pace is sustained through the rest of 2019, China’s annual investment in BRI countries exclusive of contracting would fall below U.S. $14 billion, the lowest level since 2014.
9757	If the Bearcats stumble, a win over the Cougars would bolster Coastal Carolina’s case for the NY6 berth.
9758	"If the business claims to be New Zealand-based, google the business and contact them via the information on their website.
9759	If the Chargers seek to lift themselves from the AFC West cellar, maybe an upgrade at quarterback over Taylor is the answer.
9760	“If the county’s going to go in the same direction, we don’t want to have a competing program with the county,” Robinson said.
9761	If the everyday players stay healthy, this would allow the Red Sox to load up on pitchers.
9762	If the Germans inside still held out, then Churchill AVREs, an engineer version armed with a large mortar called a Petard and capable of lobbing 40 pounds of explosives, would move in, protected by the gun-armed tanks.
9763	If the Hawks lose their series against the Oilers, they’ll have a 12.5% chance of landing top prospect Alexis Lafreniere.
9764	If the insurer pays less than their full charges, the out-of-network provider can send the patient a surprise bill for the balance.
9765	If the international community can to equitable access and prevent disruption by jihadi spoilers, a coronavirus vaccine could surprise the world by being both a global health and counter-terror success story.
9766	If their messaging responses don’t make sense, it might be a bot replying to you.
9767	If the issue arose on the day of the actual bar, Mr. Khan was told to contact ExamSoft support again, which could cut into his time for the exam itself.
9768	“If the issue of duty disadvantage in the U.K. is addressed, we are likely to double our exports of apparels to the U.K. in two years time,” Mr. Sakthivel said.
9769	If the job description were simply “do what people want,” we would not need a town council.
9770	If the latter, the automatic restrictions won’t kick in and personalized ads will be shown.
9771	If the money were important to him, he wouldn’t have risked winning with what he did in Casa Amor.
9772	If the number of people wishing to attend the Board’s meeting exceeds the capacity of the meeting room, the location of the meeting may be changed.
9773	“If the only possibilities going into an election are, ‘We won or it was stolen,’ that’s not a democracy anymore.”
9774	If the party is ever to gain power again, it must win over Conservative voters.
9775	If “the patient meets criteria for obvious death,” such as rigor mortise, “do not initiate resuscitation” the department says.
9776	If the polls are right on election night, it will be sweet vindication for the beleaguered pollsters and their media allies.
9777	“If there are below 10 breeding females in a herd, then there’s a very small, very limited chance they’ll be able to rebuild the herd naturally,” he said.
9778	If there are no wizards then and there are also no witches.
9779	If there is a large voter turnout — if working people and young people come out in large numbers — we will win and win big."
9780	If there is such an opposition group out there, last week’s carefully staged media frenzy came close to revealing them, with knives out, gleaming and ready to plunge into the hybrid learning model.
9781	If the remaining kidney were damaged, a life on dialysis is fraught with problems.
9782	If there's anything that has taught me, it's to slow down, relax, and enjoy the small things.
9783	If there’s a player you feel you need to move to get, you can go ahead and do it.
9784	“If the research lab is not working properly and not performing, then we as an Air Force cannot succeed,” he said.
9785	“If there’s not a contest then one person just gets ushered through as if they are entitled.”
9786	If there was any clarity on what that's all about, that would be helpful.
9787	“If these business leaders are calling for better sanitation, they must know that comes from money we don’t have.”
9788	If these glasses are meant to be worn, especially outside, how many people would actually bother bringing a controller?
9789	If these microbes can indeed influence neurodevelopment, we can then look to counteract any negative impacts of these factors through the microbiota.
9790	If these plans change, then my teammates and I will continue to work hard for whenever our season ends up being.”
9791	If the situation changes and CTA agrees to a refund, we will immediately pass this back to the students.
9792	If the situation worsens over the coming days, it could well be that they are unable to reunite with their families over the holidays.
9793	If the Tokyo Games do happen, they will be even more costly.
9794	If the wickets don't fall then the Indians wil face a tough task ahead of them.
9795	If they attempt to suppress this public anger over an act of senseless aggression that killed 176 innocent people, they will exacerbate their already massive credibility problem.
9796	If they can’t land Teddy again, I’d prefer to see them sell the farm and go after one of these young guys coming of college in the next two years.
9797	“If they come to Rivers without us knowing their status, what will be the implication assuming they have the virus?”
9798	“If they could be honest with us or honest with themselves, we wouldn’t be here.
9799	If they don’t live pay rent or a light bill they should not be in your house,” said Gagne.
9800	If they do so without being forced, that would show that the regime is willing to begin a process of reforming itself, which is so important for national development.
9801	If they had their right to own a gun they might be able to ward off some of these criminals.”
9802	If they have already read the novels, get another novel from their favorite author.
9803	If they haven’t changed much in the course of the pandemic so far, hopefully they won’t change much in the future.”
9804	“If they haven’t played many games does it mean they are fresh?
9805	If they help so many other people, they could have helped.”
9806	“If they install stoplights, I won’t feel the rush I get from going the wrong way around the roundabouts.
9807	If they're found to be operating an unsafe work environment, employers can face fines and even jail time in rare cases.
9808	If they’re self-employed, not keeping good business records is always a major concern.
9809	If they use the promo code ‘Freelance’ they get a free five-day trial.
9810	If this is the case, then pick your vice and have fun, but don’t expect to win!
9811	If this match had taken place in front of a full arena, it would have gotten a great reaction.
9812	If this proposal itself wasn’t so ludicrous, it would be the perfect metaphor for the premier’s gung-ho shovel-ready nation building at the expense of local history.
9813	If this reporting is true, then it is not only unfortunate but also a draw-back to our hard earned democracy.
9814	If this situation continues for a long period, I don’t think I can survive.
9815	If this were like past recessions, the economists find, the gender wage gap would actually shrink by about 2 percentage points, with women earning about 83 cents to the man’s dollar.
9816	If this woman was homeless, no matter how many curfews you put in place, she would still have no place to go.
9817	If those choices aren't helping my career, then I'll do whatever comes my way.
9818	“If tree planting is just used as an excuse to avoid cutting greenhouse gas emissions or to further limit environmental protection, then it could be a real disaster,” said Dr. Crowther, who studies ecosystem ecology at ETH Zurich.
9819	If true crime podcasts are just a bit too much for you right now, get your mystery-solving fix with Killed to Death, a weekly podcast that dissects completely made up murder cases, solving each one with the help of a special guest.
9820	If true, this creates substantial investment opportunities for day traders looking to buy and sell the market trends that are unfolding in these worthy assets.
9821	If Trump is currently in the lead, there is no need to continue counting because obviously any change from there is rigged.
9822	If unsure, speak to your travel insurer, it says.
9823	If Utica wins their semi-final round this weekend, they will play the winner of the other semi-final game from Wilkes at the Adirondack Bank Center in Utica for the championship on March 6th and 7th, at a time to be determined.
9824	“If we are playing in the spring, we have an opportunity to qualify,” Thompson said.
9825	If we are surprised by some of these pardons, that surprise will wear off by the time more pardons are given by Trump — and that is the point.
9826	“If we are to manage the rapidly developing crisis we are facing, it is vital that we begin now to take steps to reduce our prisoner population.”
9827	If we can enrich the mind with a fuller picture of people, events and cultures, is it not possible for more understanding to take place and less discrimination and hate to be taught from one generation to another?
9828	“If we can see evidence of a strong immune response by the middle or the end of May, then I think the game is on,” he said, adding that the next step would then be “the massive issue of how you manufacture at scale many billions of doses”.
9829	“If we do not act now, we are failing to properly take care of our most trusted asset — our sailors.”
9830	“If we do nothing and leave the market alone, many apartments will stay empty and eventually rents will go down.
9831	If we don't change this government from the top down, including cleaning out any unqualified judges being seated in the last 5 years, we are probably looking at this era being known as the Great Depression 2.0.
9832	“If we don’t get work, then what are we doing here?” she asks.
9833	If we don’t go out, how can we feed our family?” he said.
9834	If we don’t have to use Kyoto carry-over credits to meet Paris targets, it may be despite — rather than because — of federal government policy.
9835	"If we don't see things shifting in the numbers because of those actions NSW will have to go further.
9836	If we don't take aggressive action, and soon, we will have no other choice than shutting things down again.
9837	If we fix our choices, we will fix our country.
9838	If we get this wrong, the consequences will be horrific.”
9839	“If we get to the White House, I’m gonna continue to teach.
9840	“If we had Chris and Eduardo this year through all this crazy stuff we wouldn’t be in the position we’re in,” Roenicke said.
9841	If we have to stop them every time, we’ve got to stop them every time.
9842	If we leave coronavirus to spread freely in these places, we would be placing millions at high risk, whole regions will be tipped into chaos and the virus will have the opportunity to circle back around the globe.
9843	"If we look at some basic planning for supply chain planning and inventory planning, I will tell you that most of the folks that we're working with are increasing those numbers."
9844	If we project this harvest out, not factoring in any curveball Mother Nature would throw at us, we are trending to our goal of harvesting between 100,000 and 120,000 deer,” Harms said.
9845	If we reach month-on-month inflation levels of less than 1%, then Ncube can crow as much he likes as he would have really achieved price stabilisation.
9846	If we’re not successful in “flattening the curve,” many people will die in the next couple of months.
9847	If we rush into making arrests, we would have deprived ourselves the opportunity to ask more questions.
9848	If we spotted the paddler, we were instructed to radio the coastguard and inform them of their whereabouts.
9849	If we suppress the virus effectively, we can safely open up societies.
9850	“If we view the lifecycle of the event — that we were looking at violence before, during and after the election — we are through two out of three of those phases with minimal disruption,” he said.
9851	“If we want to address these particular issues, putting an officer on desk duty–like the punishment handed out to Officer Garcia–can’t be the solution.
9852	If we want to change our society, we need to report crime!
9853	"If we were to do the same thing and at the end say it was computer-rendered, it would blow people away."
9854	If, when all is considered, there is contentment with what is put on the table to represent leadership and governance, in the different segments of government, then the decision is easy as automatic.
9855	If WWE had enough time for The Usos to beat The Revival fresh off last week’s DQ loss, it would have happened.
9856	If yes, please attach any documents that can serve as evidence of an ESMS, including E&S policy and procedures, and its approval by the FI's Senior Management.
9857	If you are a developer of an app that’s using TLS, I would also be thinking hard right now about the impact of this issue on your threat model https://t.
9858	If you are also a cheat, you can look at the situation and laugh and say within your heart: “I thought I was the only one yet everyone is cheating” then dismiss the act as normal.
9859	"If you are choosing to not go to work and the option is there, it makes you ineligible for CERB, and I definitely need CERB," she said.
9860	If you are concerned about your symptoms, call for a free phone screening at (616) 391-2380.
9861	If you are from turkey, there is often a very high price to pay to tell the truth; sometimes the price of your life.
9862	If you are not feeling okay, mentally, then you can just watch a few random episodes of this show, and get in all the happiness and laughter.
9863	If you are unable to pick up your crafts on the scheduled dates, please let us know so we can make other arrangements.
9864	If you are unhappy with a certain aspect of yourself, change to become exactly who you dream to be.
9865	If you are walking along the waterfront from Gibsons Marina towards Winegarden Waterfront Park, you no longer have to cut through the vacant lot that is to be the George Hotel and Residences.
9866	If you ask an Alexa-enabled device, such as an Echo or Echo Dot, "Alexa, what are your deals?", you get access to Prime Day deals hours earlier as well as access to exclusive bargains.
9867	“If you believe in your candidate, there’s no reason to try to fudge with the election at all,” Kaehny said.
9868	If you believe you have been scammed contact your bank and check your account online and report any suspicious activity to them.
9869	If you buy into the idea that the vaccine is the escape route from the pandemic then that’s a really good investment.”
9870	If you came to this article looking for a reason to “settle for” Biden, who appears to be a lock for the Democratic nomination and I haven’t provided it, I have one more thing for you.
9871	If you can do that, she’s useless.”
9872	If you cannot find any evidence of its existence, reconsider whether you should be working with such firm.
9873	“If you conclude that the federal government is not going to provide any aid, period, and these are the numbers, then you would act on those numbers, but we’re not there yet.”
9874	If you could add any color on that.
9875	If you could ask Jerome Powell a question what would it be?
9876	"If you could, would you please give this mask to a nurse or doctor in your state?"
9877	If you currently have a wheel-on or cheaper direct drive turbo then the Kickr V5 would provide a noticeably quieter, smoother and more pleasurable ride if you chose to upgrade.
9878	If you cut them back now, they will try to put out new growth which the first freeze will damage more of the plant than what would have been by not cutting it back.
9879	If you did not receive your mail-in ballot, contact your county clerk.
9880	If you didn’t file either, but receive benefits from Social Security, the Railroad Retirement Board, or Veterans Affairs; the bill would use that information instead.
9881	If you didn’t know, originally developed the series for just three seasons and then expanded it to five seasons following the success of the show.
9882	If you do find a rattler in your home or garage, simply back off.
9883	If you do not like the taste of this brand of dog food, there are others available that will give you a good substitute.
9884	If you don’t act quickly, inventories may sell out or shipping times may slide by weeks or even months.
9885	If you don't care about the thoughts of the ones you're supposeâ€¦ https://t.
9886	If you don’t give us accurate information, you risk the welfare of the people whose job it is to care for us all.
9887	If you don’t know what this is, trust us, you’ve seen it in the movies.
9888	If you don’t like it change channel or switch it off.
9889	If you don't like them I have others."
9890	If you drive too fast on a motorcycle you have a good change that it will not end well.
9891	If you enjoy clean air and paying less at the pump, contact Attorney General Sean Reyes and ask him to have Utah join the lawsuit against the rollbacks on our clean car standards.
9892	If you fail to file a claim, you will not be entitled to any remaining funds.
9893	If you fancy binge-watching the entire Saga, though, the $100 Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga 9-Movie Collection is also now available!
9894	If you get them both, your chances of getting infected with the coronavirus are likely low.
9895	If you have already decided to invest in an FD for 5 years hoping to get an interest of 8%, then your opportunity cost of missing out on the alternative investment (the Mutual Fund) is 4% of the principal amount.
9896	If you have a mask and it makes you feel better then by all means wear it.
9897	If you have any questions or need additional information, please contact the Court at 706-238-5150.
9898	If you have any questions or need assistance, please call its office at 270-7389.
9899	If you have been watching the president lately you can notice that he is upbeat on the trail.
9900	If you have cordless tools, you can charge them up and go to an open space that isn’t in your house.
9901	If you have forgotten the username to your account, you have to enter the first name, Last name, email ID and birth detail.
9902	If you have not begun your own work yet, I hope you will join me.
9903	If you have not yet joined Prime, you can get a 30-day FREE trial at Amazon.com HERE.
9904	If you have something you would like to share, please send your favourites to Thanks for reading, and for your help.
9905	If you have used clothing or other items to donate, I suggest taking them to the location at 77 and 79 America St.
9906	If you intend to spend only a few days in Sicily, Taormina is a must-see place to visit.
9907	If you just listened to these four men, you'd almost feel sorry for them.
9908	If you knew what “Schitt’s Creek” was in 2015, you were likely one of two things: a huge fan of co-creator Eugene Levy and his fellow “SCTV Network” alum Catherine O’Hara, or Canadian.
9909	“If you look at our previous games, whether we win or lose it will always be very close.
9910	"If you look at the industry press over the last several years, you quite periodically read about institutions that have closed," he said.
9911	If you look at the right places, it’s not at all hard to find such persons.
9912	“If you looked at the plan that we had presented to the public for the phase re-opening we are now in phase five cycle one and within that phase there were a number of triggers which would allow us to revert,” the CMO said.
9913	If You Love Dancing For Fitness, Good News!
9914	“If you love horses, it’s absolutely fantastic,” said Robert Cooper, a director of 7th Heaven Properties, a luxury agency specializing in the Caribbean and Central America, which has the listing.
9915	“If you make promises, be sure to keep them,” Riboldi says.
9916	If you need support, that’s okay.
9917	If younger people are being admitted and later discharged, it would give the impression the mortality rate has fallen compared to the peak, when hospitals were full of those over the age of 65.
9918	If you or a friend are struggling or need assistance, do not wait.
9919	If you or a loved one are in need of behavioral and/or emotional support please contact us at 513-683-4673.
9920	If you play better, you should be rewarded.
9921	If you read the dailies frequently, you most probably have come across Sudoku.
9922	If you’re a fan hes the perfect fit!
9923	If you’re experiencing a software glitch, this can certainly help.
9924	If you're going to buy big items, first of all, do your measuring.
9925	If you’re going to the store, consider wearing cloth gloves, because viruses don’t survive as well on soft surfaces.
9926	If you’re interested in becoming a practitioner of technical futures trading strategies, then S&Rs are worth investigating.
9927	If you’re in the mood for something slow cooker chicken and sausage stew.
9928	If you're just joining us, my guest is Barton Gellman, a staff writer for The Atlantic, and his latest articles are titled "The Election That Could Break America" and "How Trump Could Attempt A Coup."
9929	If you're looking for some mood-boosting must haves that'll brighten your day, we curated a list of the best stuff you can have shipped right to your door.
9930	If you’re looking for something a little easier, searches for “how to make bread in microwave” are also rising, so you should have everything you knead for these recipes → https://t.
9931	If you’re looking for the best podcast, we recommend this app.
9932	“If you’re malnourished and you’re not eating right, you’re not going to have a fighting chance against COVID-19,” Hardy said.
9933	If you’re newer to rollerblading, it’s important to start out slow.
9934	If you're not an earlier riser or it's too bright to see the conjunction from your location then there's also a chance to see them the night before.
9935	If your EPF component is on the higher side, do a double check before investing.
9936	“If you’re ranking postseason games, that’s in the top 10 I would think.
9937	If you’re ready to dive into Nichols’ filmography, this is a great place to start.
9938	If you're spending the holidays with your significant other for the first time let everyone get to know you.
9939	"If you're talking about results - which is what test match rugby is about - there have been plenty of Irish teams over the years that have lost at Twickenham and in France.
9940	If you're talking about the virus, SARS-CoV-2, then yes, no one is immune.
9941	'If you're vegan or vegetarian for ethical reasons, then please personally invest extra in strategies to protect your mental health.'
9942	If your ideas weren’t able to win over the existing electorate, replace them via mass legal immigration/refugee resettlement…
9943	If you see anything or see something, say something because our community can be responsible by doing so,” said Welch.
9944	“If you see someone that’s being hurt or attacked, you are supposed to help,” Bruce said.
9945	If you sell to businesses, they’re scrambling to figure out how to function with a 100% remote workforce and are worried about their own revenue challenges.
9946	If you still feel you need help, seek the services of a credit counsellor.
9947	If you take a bite, and food drops from your mouth onto the table, you’re responsible for eating all of the food in that area.
9948	If you then try to combine them in any combination of orders that a customer can place, we've got near-infinite permutations of customer shipment options.
9949	If you think that you are being discriminated against as a direct result or indirect result of your mental health issues, you should seek advice from a friend or a solicitor.
9950	If you think you've seen dogs flashing across the screen on the occasion, you're not alone either.
9951	If you throw out the Pittsburgh game, Lock is averaging, 210 passing yards per game, a rating of 61.9, and has thrown 8 TDs to 7 INTs.
9952	If you’ve already signed a petition to recall Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan, you’ve been had.
9953	If you’ve been saving up to purchase a MacBook for some time, you might be wondering when the best time to buy is.
9954	If you want to add value and make money you are at the wrong place at the wrong time.
9955	If you want to flip the script and look at Buffalo’s offense, the Bills average the fewest points per game among all playoff teams scoring 19.6 points per contest.
9956	If you want to go on a magical adventure with a yummy treat, check out the Charmery’s website for more details.
9957	If you wash the produce before bringing it to the pantry, be sure you can dry it.
9958	If you watch at the committee level, the chairman of the committee has been forthcoming in bringing out bills relating to the reforms, relating to the preservation of the sanctity of the courts, relating to the welfare of the Judicial officers and so on.
9959	If you were emotionally ignored as a child, then you are probably emotionally ignoring yourself today.
9960	If you were open minded enough, you would see that these things do affect gameplay for theâ€¦ https://t.
9961	If you were over the designated weight, then they would ration your food.
9962	If you were president, would you make China pay and please be specific.
9963	If you were still in Riigikogu, would you vote in favor of the statement to not recognize election results because they were not free, honest and democratic?
9964	If you were still looking for your early frontrunner, stop.
9965	If you wish to have a chair, you are asked to please bring one to the cemetery for the service.
9966	If you would like to help, contact Sheila at (205) 681-5460, J.D. at (205) 504-5560, or Pat at (205) 365-0383.
9967	I gave you a shot of optimism with the Telemundo poll.
9968	Igbokwe further explained that “As patients with chronic diseases are at greater risk of the coronavirus, that in itself presents an extra burden on our already struggling health services across the country.
9969	“I get the importance of having someone who does their job the right way,” Graham says.
9970	I get what I give, (It's payback for what I did), and if there are hard times, there are also good times.
9971	Iggy is now believed to have been between 125m and 130m years old.
9972	I go, ‘So, I’m thinking maybe you unbutton the Hawaiian shirt, and you peel that off, and then peel off the Champion T-shirt.’
9973	I got in touch with the people at Substack and they were really interested.
9974	I got it twice.
9975	"I got to meet so many cool people."
9976	I got what I thought was a bad case of the flu in Feb. I thought it was too soon for Covid19 but it's since been shown that it was spreading within my county.
9977	I grew up reading Flash Gordon so it was sort of nostalgic for me,” he once told The Times.
9978	I guess it should have been obvious to me, since the name of the team was the "Rebels."
9979	I guess maybe we did,” Mr. Ricks added.
9980	I guess some readers may want to point out that Photoshop is technically 32 years old, as it was originally created in 1988 by Thomas and John Knoll.
9981	I guess that’s just why I was looking forward to seeing them.
9982	I guess the conclusions from all of the above is that both Musk and Bezos are smart business people, but they’re not scientists.
9983	I guess they figure they can do more good aligned with the party in power.
9984	I guess we just need to analyse a few points where we let the game slip away.
9985	“I had a little bit of space and had a lane, Moore said.
9986	"I had a lot of love shown to me and it was really really special.
9987	I had a realization: Jack is right.
9988	I had a spray tan that was so over the top I'll now have to spend hours scrubbing most of it off, and when I got back to the hotel they wouldn't let me use the lift until I could prove I was staying there.'
9989	“I had fun explaining why the campaign for Cape independence is really a political impossibility, and why claiming a referendum would help to do the trick is at best idiotic and at worst a good old lie.”
9990	I had just stepped through the door of the school and was stamping the snow off my boots one sunny, cold January morning.
9991	“I had men from a very young age put dimes in my hand and close my little fingers around them saying, ‘Call me when you’re 16,’” she said.
9992	I had no idea Lynn was the young lady I’d seen waitressing at the Good Earth, because she had a totally different look at work.
9993	I had not expected to see the stories of patients I had taken care of on the local news.”
9994	I had nothing to lose, and if nothing else, at least this could be a distraction.
9995	"I had one more song in me, but I didn't want to go much further."
9996	"I had pitched them, they rebooted every show from the '90s and I'd say half of them were hits.
9997	I had swallowed the intellectual titan mythology and assumed he would demolish me, along with the last vestiges of Christianity that I tentatively clung to.
9998	I had taken out my cell phone several times to check miles and steps.
9999	"I had to buy the needles to do the hematology for my son," Yelitza said.
10000	“I had to do it, and it will cost me the ’76 election, but I had to do it,” Mr. Secchia quoted Mr. Ford as saying.
10001	“I had to,” Durst said, according to Chavin.
10002	I had to go to the bathroom and so I looked at my phone between commercials.
10003	I had to summon the strength to run with them as it was raining.”
10004	I had to understand that the apparent contradictions of Pakistan is the distinction between the public and private spheres.
10005	“I have a 4-year-old, and it’s not like he can FaceTime his friends.”
10006	I have a bunch that look like that.
10007	I have advised the county of this situation and they have assured me they are currently making a plan to address it.
10008	I have a hard time supporting anything Nick Cannon does or says.
10009	I have always, am currently, and will continue to, put my constituents first.
10010	I have always been involved in identifying the right product then selling it, and freely admit that I need a colleague to do the finances and back office role as well as someone to do the creation or manufacturing.
10011	I have always given in, but he doesn’t see it that way.
10012	I have always wondered how the collapse of empires at the end of the Bronze age would have played out if the desperate starving masses had access to nuclear weapons and massive artillery batteries.
10013	“I have a painting of Comiskey Park and it’s one of my favorites.
10014	I have a projector, so I can have Mars on the screen.
10015	I have a real struggle now to contain myself whenever I brush my teeth.”
10016	I have a short break to Italy planned for this weekend.
10017	“I have a team that I can count on, and they’re good friends.”
10018	I have been a proud member of SG since my first semester at FAU.
10019	I have been enlightened.
10020	“I have been growing cotton for years now and if there is good rainfall, I even get good paddy yields.
10021	“I have been pleasantly surprised by the number of people who are there and paying close attention,” said Senator Christopher S. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut.
10022	I have been repeatedly reminded of this image these days whenever I visit one of the school kitchens.
10023	“I have been working hard to play for my country, happy that I’ve got the opportunity,” man-of-the-match Pandya said.
10024	"I have colleagues overseas who have either fallen ill or lost their lives to COVID-19," says the head of the Australian Medical Association, Tony Bartone.
10025	I have covered contemporary art and film since the late 1990s, and have taught journalism and film courses at the college level since 2004.
10026	I have deep respect for the Iranian people.
10027	I have difficulty crediting this.
10028	“I have enormous faith in Victorians and their capacity to deal with adversity.
10029	I have found a good balance.
10030	I have found myself backtracking to my ex countless times and for one reason to reconnect with his soldier boy aka his dick.
10031	“I have grown to love, to admire the effort of the individuals who make up DHEC.”
10032	I have had friends that endured the Coronavirus; some wouldn’t have even known they had it if it hadn’t been for a positive test result; some only knew because they lost their taste and smell; some had very mild symptoms; while others became very sick.
10033	I have heard repeatedly the stories about what happened in Berkeley that night as the residence halls and streets erupted in screams.
10034	I have interviewed Arabs from numerous regime and rebel-held cities who have left their homes and traveled great distances and at great risk, in order to join the SDF.
10035	I have just finished my routine medical checkups, dental check, eye check and everything went perfectly,” he explained.
10036	I have just stepped off an international flight.
10037	I have my opinion, one day are the schedules, another the referees, there is always something,” Zidane, who turned 48 on Tuesday, told a news conference ahead of Madrid’s clash with Real Mallorca.
10038	I have never been for the bag charge.
10039	I have never been in fear for my life due to the color of my skin and others’ reactions based on my race.
10040	I have never criticized former U.S. President Barack Obama publicly—neither during my time in the Knesset nor anywhere else—despite my having disagreed with many of his policies.
10041	I have never felt more welcomed and at home than at a metal show; arms round two topless, tattooed men I don’t know, all screaming along to whatever horrible noise is being smashed out from the stage.
10042	'I have no doubt he burgled this poor woman's home, fatally assaulted her and then set her home on fire to cover up his actions.
10043	I have no doubt that it will have caused some lasting damage, except, of course, with some people here who saw nothing wrong with the policy and still don’t.
10044	I have no feelings of revenge against Gżira because during the six or seven months I spent there I enjoyed an excellent relationship with club president Sharlon Pace, team manager Marlon Galea and the players.
10045	“I have no idea what the environment, what the market, what we’re even going to look like coming out of this, whenever that is,” he said.
10046	I have no personal contact with the leaders of these governments.
10047	I have no regrets so far, venturing into hosting the Ogwashi-Uku carnival.
10048	I have not and will never carry another human being in a womb for nine months.
10049	“I haven’t been in a relationship for a very long time,” in an Oct. 2019 interview.
10050	I haven’t brushed my hair in week.
10051	I haven’t read the book, so I’m wondering if there’s a scene, sequence, concept, character that is not in the book that you’re particularly proud of?
10052	I have off and on wanted to tell this story for almost 12 years, but I kept thinking it’s not my place to tell this story, to rat people out.
10053	I have only been here a week but we’ve had two wins.
10054	I have powerful lawyer friends I can recommend.
10055	I have really been out in the garden.
10056	I have seen so many instances wherein post-breakup things turn nasty between boys and girls, especially the young ones.
10057	“I have seen some analysts say, comrade ought to know that so so people are powerful, or some governors are powerful, how can I do that?
10058	I have seen Theory for a few years before his WWE run and I’ve never seen him as a babyface.
10059	I have some good ones and some really bad ones.
10060	I have some savings tucked away.
10061	I have spoken to CMD AAI."
10062	I have taken X-Rays of patients and also my staff who are serving the patients.
10063	I have taught workshops for years about how improv is a training and a skillset to make you better at being resilient and adaptable and able to respond to whatever gets thrown your way.
10064	I have tears in my eyes.
10065	I have then been embedding them in the church website so people can follow them at any time of day, whether or not they are on Facebook.
10066	I have the resources to fight for you from Washington but I need us to team up and support me to get there.
10067	I have the weirdest boner.
10068	“I have walked the cherry blossoms with my parents, gone outside with my friends, stuff like that.”
10069	I have zero faith this will occur and besides, you cannot control for social distancing within family units.
10070	‘I heard him screaming, fighting with a carer.
10071	"I heard the mum make a lot of noises in the back and I thought 'oh my god'," the cabbie said.
10072	'I helped Prince fix the CD player in his purple Maserati so that he could listen to a Christina Aguilera album,' he noted.
10073	I hereby demand that I be given a Fark accountIllinois had an infant die of Covid-19.
10074	I hold a doctorate in economics from the University of Wisconsin and taught economics at the University of Delaware for many years.
10075	I honestly can’t wait for everyone to go home.
10076	“I hope by the time I am done this that my team is talking to the conciliator and others to get (bargaining) dates,” he said.
10077	I hope it continues with season 3. Its my “watch when my day feels the worst and I need good, funny thoughts before bed” show.
10078	I hope it was an honest mistake from higher and it can get resolved.
10079	I hope Martial scores more goals too like he did.”
10080	I hope Meg really gets justice for what Tory did to her.
10081	I hope that next time we are all gathered together at Joe Faber Field on a sunny summer day, we are able to sit back, relax and enjoy a ballgame.
10082	“I hope they enjoy this virtual win.
10083	I hope you can all find meaning in it for yourselves," she added.
10084	“I hope you won’t allow it to go to waste.
10085	I, however, have come to the realization after a general manager tweeted that he had had regular tests that there is a privileged group who regularly have tests for COVID-19”, wrote Ahmet Hakan, the editor-in-chief of and a columnist for daily Hürriyet.
10086	IIFA is fully committed to ensure the safety of the citizens and legions of IIFA fans who travel from across the globe to attend and experience the magic of IIFA.
10087	“I imagine that is true of many, many others who are not quite ready to dine in yet.”
10088	I included some treats for the parents as well.
10089	I, in the company of Lukmon Oloyede, our Head of Marketing & Communications, and Ibrahim Ibitade, head of the Group’s global payments business left Lagos on Monday, May 18, 2020.
10090	I is not merely a Mitzvah that is performed and forgotten about.
10091	I issued for the MAX jets among my own company’s staff once it emerged that a new flight control system had probably caused the crash after a faulty sensor triggered it.
10092	I jokingly asked my daughter if she would want to go on a reality TV show with me.
10093	I judge whether or not shares are cheap based on a few criteria, ranging from the simple to the more complex.
10094	I jumped in to help the owner of Wicked Whoopies in Gardiner with her proposal.
10095	“I just absolutely love it.
10096	“I just believe strongly that Facebook shouldn’t be the arbiter of truth of everything that people say online.”
10097	"I just don't think it's acceptable to wait that long," said Hogan.
10098	“I just feel like the most blessed kid in the world to be able to call this my job, to be able to do what I love,” he says.
10099	I just felt off for most of the day, like I was forgetting something important.
10100	I just finished “I am not okay with this.”
10101	I just have four solar panels running off a high tech battery.
10102	"I just have to stop worrying about what other people think of me.
10103	I just hoped he would get better with time.
10104	I just hope I'm still here, and I’m successful.
10105	I just hope it brings them down like it did the USSR.
10106	“I just knew Mitch would do a fantastic job,” Smilack said.
10107	“I just know I’m made to create things, and so that’s what I see myself doing,” Conte says.
10108	I just like to play like him in Bengal,” Ahmed, who will share the dressing room with Indian captain Virat Kohli at Royal Challengers Bangalore in the upcoming IPL-2020, told PTI here.
10109	'I just love the fact that the coins have history and they are as old 50 years,' she added.
10110	"I just put myself out of position on the par 5s, something to work on," Hahn said.
10111	I just spoke with her two days ago,” Naz Moayed told the Star, adding Hajiaghavand had gone to Iran to visit family.
10112	“I just take images of my life, and I am very grateful and fortunate to have all of these opportunities that come my way.”
10113	”I just think if things keep going this way, there’s going to be an uprising, and it’s going to get ugly,” Cottam said.
10114	“I just think this is wrong.
10115	“I just wanted to escape a bit.
10116	"I just want to be straight with the listeners that we are not going to completely defeat the virus until we get a vaccine, and that vaccine is distributed to the American people," Giroir told reporters on a press call.
10117	“I just wasn’t expecting it to happen,” the off-duty lifeguard said.
10118	I keep a jar of tamarind paste in the door of my fridge at all times.
10119	"I keep talking about an 80-minute game.
10120	“I kept going back to check the data.”
10121	I knew a kid who climbed to the top of a tower and threw flaming barrels at everyone.
10122	I knew I needed help, which is when I plucked up the courage and made a doctor’s appointment.
10123	“I knew I needed to focus on my patient as your medical officer of health," she said.
10124	"I knew I would be out of town and this is probably one of the most important elections of my lifetime," said West L.A. residents Duane Clark, who was at the Norwalk office on Monday.
10125	'I knew nothing about those moves to investigate Michael Flynn,' Biden said when asked about Flynn's prosecution on ABC's 'This Week' Sunday.
10126	'I knew that he was never going to come back, especially when I saw him in the hospital.
10127	I knew the speeding ticket question.
10128	"I knew they got me.
10129	I knew what it probably meant and that conclusion terrified me.
10130	I know a lot of MAGA types enjoy laughing at upset liberals.
10131	“I know a lot of people are going to say, ‘Why don’t you compete for the United States?’
10132	I know her family.
10133	I know he's all about grotesque body horror, but I'd like to think that even he would look at Trump's general shape and posture and complain that the makeup and effects guys went too far.
10134	“I know he was pushing his Marines out first trying to be the true hero that he’s always been,” she wrote.
10135	“I know he works hard every day in training so I hope it continues for him and he keeps getting called up by England.”
10136	I know I can do that.
10137	I know I can keep doing for quite a couple of years to come, and I’m still improving as a hitter.
10138	“I know I still have to get a lot better if I want to be right around the medals in Tokyo and that’s going to be the aim,” McSweyn said.
10139	I know i was at the beach all weekend.
10140	“I know my own body and knew something had changed, but every time I went to the doctor, I was told it was probably simple like thrush or bacterial vaginosis – another common gynaecological condition – and was given medication.”
10141	I know my problems pale in comparison to those of the rest of the world, but right now I am a toddler kicking and screaming, furious that we have to be this afraid, this alone, this far.
10142	I know Notre Dame lives in its own bubble, but I would take the DeBart bathrooms filled with Canadian Geese and green Irish backpacks over one middle-aged man taking a breather from his conference being held in Dahnke Ballroom.
10143	“I know of a very large donation coming in on Christmas Eve,” he said.
10144	"I know Phasma killed him, and I'm glad the old bastard is dead.
10145	“I know that for a fact.”
10146	I know that my senior year of college will be pretty unconventional come August, no matter how my university decides to handle things, but my friends and I will get through it together.
10147	I know that we can make a show.
10148	“I know that when we tell our stories and when we take time to listen to stories it’s how we learn from people about what their priorities are,” Greenfield says.
10149	"I know the players that played for Sanger Eric Mosbey and Jalen Cropper.
10150	I know they died long before this, but missing them is really the core of my whole deal.
10151	I know this was the case in years gone by.
10152	I know Trump, for one, is very interested in birth certificates.
10153	“I know we always connected with our faith.
10154	I know what it feels like to fully believe the hatred that is being directed at you by strangers, and to stop believing the people who love you when they tell you there is more to your story.
10155	“I know what I’ve got going.
10156	I know what kind of player I am and I've done great this year.
10157	I know who the Fiesta Mart Karen is.
10158	I know you're hoping that the stars align, but is there any movie or TV show or comic book you particularly love that, if you found out there would be a reboot or adaptation, you wouldn't care if the stars aligned and would do anything to make happen?
10159	I know you will work harmoniously with members and carry everyone along.”
10160	Ile Arugbo: Kwara Govt, Saraki family agree to.
10161	Ilhan Omar, Ayanna Pressley and Rashida Tlaib, whom Trump also routinely refers to by another nickname, “The Squad.”
10162	I like being connected to where I’m from.
10163	I like her honesty.
10164	I like him, but Dak is not worth 33 mil, let alone 35+…
10165	I like it when people are thinking I’m overreacting because that means we’re doing it just right,” Fauci said.
10166	I like Morrissey's singing, but as soon as he starts talking and telling us his great ideas, I'm saying "SHUT UP, MORRISSEY!"
10167	“I like that name.
10168	I like what I like in the Art world so.
10169	I’ll be honest, the question started because of Chris Evans admitting that he did ask Donald Trump to do an interview with him for the site.
10170	“I’ll be like, ‘You know what, I think we need some donuts today,’” he said.
10171	"I'll be the first to make fun of it, shall we say.
10172	Illinois’ 6th District — which Casten won two years ago by defeating Republican Peter Roskam — covers much of the near west and northwest suburbs in parts of Cook, Kane, McHenry, DuPage and Lake counties.
10173	Illinois COVID 19 Update: IL reports 3,874 new coronavirus cases, 31 deathsIllinois public health officials announced 3,874 new cases of COVID-19, along with 31 additional.
10174	“Illinois is in a massive budget crisis due to years of a tax system that has protected millionaires and billionaires at the expense of our working families, a crisis that was only made worse by the Coronavirus pandemic.
10175	Illinois legislators are not expected to return to Springfield in 2020 amid ongoing concerns about convening hundreds of lawmakers and staff as the coronavirus again surges across the state.
10176	Illinois reported 965 new confirmed cases of COVID-19 on Sunday, bringing the state’s total case number to 161,575.
10177	I'll let you answer that one.
10178	'I'll make Edmonton Proud': Student heads to Toronto as finalist for.
10179	I’ll never forget driving 14 hours to OSU to go see about a girl (that’s a story for another day, kids).
10180	"I'll probably have to send them to live in the woods with my grandpa periodically so they aren't too spoiled," she said.
10181	“I’ll rather die broke than join illuminati” – Cardi B replies.
10182	I’ll start out by choosing five to answer next week.
10183	I’ll take my daughter to the playground — she’s obsessed with the monkey bars, and she’s shockingly good.
10184	“I’ll trust God about it.
10185	I looked up and three tours later I made Staff Sgt. and I needed to make a decision about my future.”
10186	I look forward to continuing to earn your trust and your vote.
10187	I look forward to the day when we can operate at full strength again.”
10188	I look forward to working with legislators and other stakeholders on those issues during the next regular session.”
10189	I love a natural look.”
10190	“I love art and being creative and that is why I entered the competition.”
10191	I love Barcelona and in the place where I live, I live a life that I like very much,” he told Mundo Deportivo.
10192	I loved being part of the swim team.”
10193	“I loved that manifesto,” he said.
10194	“I loved the abstract shapes of the seedbeds, the conceptual connection to growth, and the hidden, calm quality of the space.
10195	“I love getting to share this with people,” Phillips says.
10196	I love it because it sounded just like the way he talked.”
10197	I love me some Heidi.
10198	I love my GAA and football so spend much of my time on fantasy football or watching the games with friends in the pub or at home, normally.
10199	I love people, but I’m a little shy because people mostly laugh at the way I look.”
10200	“I love playing big music festivals with my band.
10201	“I love that answer regarding Thanos.
10202	I love that I am enjoying isolation possibly way more than I should be.
10203	I love them and want to take them on a short little adventure.
10204	I love the touch of him talking to Johnny into the camera.
10205	I love you and I miss you, Grandma.
10206	I love you infinitely."
10207	“I love you people, but I’ve been doing this since early in the morning.
10208	I love you Wendy, I will miss you but promise to keep some of your spirit alive from now on.
10209	ILS Capital noted that a substantial number of current cedents have already agreed to purchase non-collateralized reinsurance contracts from Prospero Re, and several reinsurance brokers have approved Prospero Re as a non-collateralized counterparty.
10210	"I'm 83 in a few weeks – I think this is by far the most serious thing I can remember living through."
10211	I'm a 39 year old woman looking to meet men between the ages of 40 and 48.
10212	I’m a better animator than a designer, though; I’m currently working on a cartoon pilot for a couple of people that I think will be pretty funny when it’s all finished.
10213	I’m able to give back to the community.
10214	“I’m a broken man.
10215	I’m a busy guy and I hate shopping.
10216	I'm A Celeb's Jordan North is left STUNNED as he receives message from Burnley manager Sean Dyche after calling Turf Moor is 'happy place'
10217	"I'm actually pretty nervous.
10218	“I’m afraid to ask them how they feel.
10219	Images of burning cars and protestors scroll behind their heads.
10220	Images of the pub-goers gathered in London emerged as Boris Johnson said yesterday that he was ‘looking for the moment’ to relax the guideline, raising hopes that the Prime Minister could switch to a one-metre rule within weeks.
10221	Images posted on social media that claim to be taken near where the Ukrainian International Airlines plane fell to earth just minutes after take-off show a mysterious piece of debris.
10222	Imagine being in a room without air conditioners, and the doctors performing surgery dripping with sweat in their PPE.
10223	“Imagine if a factory resumes work today but has a worker found to be a confirmed case a week later, then the factory has to close for another two weeks,” she said.
10224	Imagine joining the mad dash to grab the gold by trying to find rare gold trophy bots from the Winner’s Circle tribe hidden inside select packs!
10225	Imagine someone telling you that your child really DIDN’T die but it was all part of a conspiracy to take away guns.
10226	Imagining the worst, he contacted Devender.
10227	I’m a little surprised they used pit droids, i.e. the “hit the nose” robots from as much as some people do.
10228	“I’m already so deep in debt,” Cordes said.
10229	I’m also proud that these episodes form a kind of collective archive that preserves the thoughts and words of fascinating figures.
10230	I’m also willing to pay for registering my bike as you suggest.
10231	“I'm always hoping I'm having lunch with people, so we can share fries.
10232	I’m a really smiley guy.
10233	I’m asked about a hybrid model and I absolutely understand the appeal of it.
10234	“I’m a sponsor for all those organizations,” Steadman noted.
10235	“I’m at the age that this may be the straw that breaks the camel’s back.” he says.
10236	I'm a veritable catch, I realized.
10237	“I’m aware that some people suspect Japan is hiding the numbers, but I believe that’s not true,” he said.
10238	“I’m a white male, so no one ever bothers me, but there has long been a reputation there.
10239	I’m betting that before I break ten of them, you’ll tell me anything I want to know.”
10240	I’m comfortable with either.
10241	'I'm confident she and the team will take our flagship programme from strength to strength.
10242	I’m contracted to write three books — the next one is “Murder’s Not a Girl’s Best Friend.”
10243	"I'm convinced that there are all the necessary conditions and guarantees to give a derogation for all tennis players coming from Romania or Bulgaria, in order to avoid their quarantine and, hence, their retirement from the tournament."
10244	“I’m definitely ready for kids to get back to a normal life,” she says.
10245	“I’m disappointed, I’m somewhat embarrassed that we’re going through this today.
10246	“I’m doing a pink, my signature pink, there’s a golden colour as well.”
10247	“I mean, at the end of the day — me and the girls, we just want her to be healthy and happy.
10248	“I mean he definitely knows where guys are, no question.
10249	I mean I just wasn't careful.
10250	I mean, I’m hurting pretty badly,” Angle responded when asked if he’d repeat what he did throughout his career.
10251	I mean, it's just, it's so crazy that these are two old guys in their 70s.
10252	“I mean, it would be preposterous except for the fact that it’s the President of the United States re-tweeting it,” Obama said of the theory.
10253	I mean, obviously, if we had, right from the very beginning, shut everything down, it may have been a little bit different.
10254	“I mean our doctors are very smart people.
10255	I mean, that wouldn't be up to me.
10256	I mean, the fossils are coming out.
10257	I mean these are things that were totally student driven and will make a difference at the college for a long time.
10258	I mean, they call me to say, you know, 'Congratulations, please convey my well wishes to the president-elect, but I can't say that publicly yet.'
10259	I mean, this is probably the single most iconic performance on this list, which is saying something.
10260	“I mean to this day I get phone calls, ‘you going to open up this weekend’, ‘no we can’t open up.'
10261	I mean, when it comes to Henri… I don’t think “producer” even really does justice to what he did for this record.
10262	I mean you can, but nowadays things move so fast, you won’t be relevant putting out a album a year.”
10263	“I mean, you take it very personally.”
10264	I’m eating all of this up, but I’m ready to do something that is more special and inclusive for the BGN community.
10265	I menstruate once a month, well did until the menopause started…
10266	“I’m excited to be hosting along with the City who has proven strong leadership.
10267	I’m excited to have recently finished “Passing Through,” a site-specific installation currently on view at Republic Plaza.
10268	I'm full of gratitude for what it has given me and my career, but I don't want to be greedy.
10269	I’m glad Miz is heel again, and I’m thankful there was an actual turn.
10270	I’m glad that all the UK cities I have lived in — Glasgow, Cambridge and London — have been very pro-EU, so I’ve not experienced having anything negative said to my face.
10271	I’m going on Instagram.
10272	“I’m going to give it my all,” Harlow said when asked what his fans should expect from him during his virtual performance.
10273	“I’m going to keep them home for a couple of weeks to see what happens.
10274	I'm going to stay isolated until there's a vaccine or treatment.
10275	“I’m happy that this activity was a huge success.
10276	“I’m happy to have represented England at youth level but I’m also proud of my Nigerian heritage from my parents.
10277	I’m happy to win the first edition of Kaduna half marathon.
10278	"I'm happy with the clean sheet.
10279	“I’m hearing from people too far away to come to our church.”
10280	I’m here to tell you that you can change; you can be the person you dream of becoming, and you are strong enough!
10281	I'm honored you're a fan and grateful you were born!
10282	I’m hoping to get Joss Stone.
10283	"I might be betraying his privacy a little bit, but when I speak to him, I sense a resolve to get through this using whatever means are possible – not to try to push an agenda of any particular party.
10284	“I might be the individual recognized but this really is a team effort,” De Los Santos said.
10285	I might even learn something new about myself that I wouldn’t otherwise have learned while training in a squad.”
10286	“I’m in Houston, Texas, and you hang whatever sign you want to,” another said.
10287	I’m in that situation where I’m not going to be making any money, and I’m very worried.
10288	I'm in Whittier, CA, so I'm getting a kick.
10289	“I miss the game a lot as an administrator.
10290	I’m just going to church more often and praying.
10291	I’m just interested in fighting for the title of giving.
10292	“I’m just looking at it as poor leadership.”
10293	I'm just saying that Yondu has moved on."
10294	I’m launching a pantry-staples brand in the next couple of months that does the same thing I was trying to do with BabyZoos: sell food products, and distribute the bulk of the profits to black communities.
10295	I’m lazy and would just as soon not snow blow either.
10296	I'm legitimately concerned I will have to move further north as climate change continues.
10297	I'm like, 'Wow!
10298	“I’m listening to mac’s new album and low key I am pretty sure it’s Ariana’s vocals on ‘I can see’?
10299	“I’m looking forward to changing the name and starting anew, with a woman’s name behind it.”
10300	“I’m lucky that I have help,” with a husband, Ryan, who works a flexible-shift job near home and a sister and father who live in the same neighborhood and provide assistance.
10301	Immediate action was called for to prevent the Chinese occupying hilltops on our side of the LAC, improving their position and infiltrating into the Chushul valley.
10302	Immediately, Bo-Katan shifts to strategizing their best plan of assault.
10303	Immediately following his arrest by the coup leaders, President Boubacar Keita announced on State television that he had agreed to resign from office to avoid plunging the country into a prolonged civil unrest.
10304	Immediately, Justin began making moves, which included running right across the long white couch!
10305	Immense costs on patients.
10306	“Immigrants will definitely get the signal that government means what they say,” said Moncef Lakouas in an interview.
10307	Immorality is taught by wayward adults.
10308	Immortals: Fenyx Rising, from Ubisoft, is an open-world adventure game where players take on the role of a winged demigod who is fighting to save the Greek gods.
10309	I’m never going to take anything for granted.
10310	I'm not a browns fan per se, but I just got out of the bathroom after taking an art modell.
10311	I'm not a chef, I'm just a person who gets excited when I'm in the kitchen.
10312	I’m not buying the trap game narrative.
10313	“I’m not going to be one of those guys to say that’s not something that can happen,” Marrone said.
10314	“I’m not going to lie and tell you this won’t cause me problems,” Stevenson said.
10315	“I’m not going to lie, we had guys on the sideline with disbelief in their eyes.
10316	I’m not going to suffocate for nobody.
10317	“I’m not in this for the money.”
10318	I’m not letting the kids die.
10319	“I’m not saying that our team was toxic, but the people that she favored definitely weren’t themselves.
10320	‘I’m not sure her heart is quite as on her sleeve as she’d like us to believe…could she really struggle to find a man back at home?
10321	I’m not sure if there was a nick on it.
10322	“I’m not too worried about needing to delay further.
10323	I’m not working and just wanted to do something, if I could help out in any way.
10324	IMO a lot of that is on WE the people, for continually allowing it.
10325	I’m obsessed with this white crochet pair!
10326	I’m one of a legion of personal finance writers who have preached “financial independence, retire early” since before the FIRE movement was a twinkle in any millennial’s eye.
10327	"I'm one of the biggest cheerleaders for body positivity and love.
10328	I'm one of them."
10329	I’m passionate about distracted driving.
10330	Impatience with those who break ranks has been another Royal trait, as Edward VIII – the previous Windsor to have married an American divorcee – would no doubt attest.
10331	Impeachment is a Special Jurisdiction because it results in Suspension of the Constitution by the House.
10332	Imperial Tobacco says it strongly agrees with government youth prevention aims but it says the only way to curb youth consumption of any product is to ensure they do not gain access to it.
10333	“I’m pleased to be able to open the gallery this spring, even if in a careful way,” Kefauver said in a news release.
10334	Importantly, those little in-ear headphone buds that it shipped with were groundbreaking for the time, showing that the Walkman range pushed the envelope in a multitude of ways.
10335	Imports and exports of natural gas depend on the capacity of seven entry and exit points on cross-border gas pipelines in Bulgaria.
10336	Imports from Nicaragua have soared, with the country becoming the third largest supplier of to the U.S. Violence is occurring in the country with armed cattle ranchers attacking Indigenous communities to take their land for cattle ranching.
10337	Imports increased the most from India and Lithuania (both up by €13 million).
10338	Imposing restrictions on employees gives the impression that they are not to be trusted and can create tension in the workplace.
10339	Im pretty damned cynical, but that someone is actually shameless enough to try to sell this is stunning.
10340	I’m pretty sure!
10341	I'm proud of myself for working under sort of interesting circumstances, you know, with the recovery and all," she continued.
10342	I’m proud of the players who displayed their incredible style from start to finish.
10343	Improvements in productivity, service, efficiency etc. were realised almost overnight leading to an explosion in innovation and widespread adoption.
10344	Improvements to that road were to commence May 18.
10345	Improving network security technologies like next-generation firewalls of standalone endpoint protection tools in recent years.
10346	“I’m really chuffed for the staff that we’ve managed to get these figures up.”
10347	“I’m really glad with how it’s going,” he said.
10348	“I’m really going to miss them a lot, I’m trying not to think about it especially here lately we haven’t had the ending to this season as we wanted,” Schmidle said.
10349	"I'm really messed up they killed him up.
10350	“I’m sad for all the victims who were preyed upon by people entrusted with their care.
10351	I’m sad that someone like that, who worked so hard to set up his life a certain way, was gone.”
10352	"I'm saying it to anybody that would ask a nasty question like that."
10353	"I'm scared to death.
10354	I’m seemingly a bit higher on Maxey than most, and I feel a lot better about that after seeing the shooting mechanics he displayed in his pre-draft special.
10355	“I’m sick to death of this goalkeeper (De Gea).
10356	I'm so glad the Trades are blowing the ash and smoke away from Maui.
10357	I’m so happy we can provide this time for all of these kids.”
10358	“I’m so sad I won’t be able to see you guys in concert this year, but I know this is the right decision,” she tweeted.
10359	I'm so struck by how resilient children can be," she said.
10360	"I'm staggered they can find any consistency in the opposition leader's policy on emissions or electricity or coal, because he has it each-way, every day," the prime minister said in question time.
10361	“I’m standing on her shoulders, says Carama.”
10362	“I’m still looking forward to that,” Samani said.
10363	I'm still trying to figure out which.
10364	I’m stuck in the US, waiting.
10365	I'm sure some farkers have fascinating tales to tell.
10366	I'm sure the others all had some form of that.
10367	“I’m sure we can work with both of those agencies, with their respective states and chief medical officers at a federal level.
10368	“I’m telling you all now.
10369	I’m thankful for that, too.
10370	“I’m the elected official,” he said.
10371	“I’m thrilled to be joining a team that makes its relationships with customers a top priority,” said Gordon.
10372	I’m tired of people tarnishing my image” he has been quoted by the Daily Sun.
10373	I’m trying to make high-end baking more accessible and show everyone that you can make some gorgeous food from whatever you have at in your cupboards.
10374	I’m trying to remember the last time I saw gas prices this stable for such a long period of time.
10375	I’m usually good to go with just my wedding ring (without which I feel strangely naked.) But today I added silver hoops, a long sparkly necklace and the absolute necessity, a Christmas gift from my lunch date: A silver bangle engraved, “Love you all.”
10376	I'm very fond of children and I want to be able to do that,"
10377	“I’m very much in favor of increased restrictions.
10378	“I’m very proud and I’m very excited to be a part of this team and a part of the committee,” Townsel said.
10379	"I'm very proud of my brothers and what they've accomplished in that sport but it just wasn't for me."
10380	I’m very quick to see what my failings are or notice that anxiety interferes with performance.
10381	I’m voting for the Flag that was missing from the Democratic Convention background.
10382	“I’m well aware that at times my friends only invited me to eat at their houses for their parents’ reassurance that I was eating that evening.”
10383	I’m with you all the time.
10384	"I'm writing a comic," the actor told ComicBook.com. "I'm writing a 10-page story for Marvel next year.
10385	“I myself took lessons at a language school in Khan Younis, but it was really difficult,” he said, referring to a nearby city.
10386	In 1519, a Spanish armada of about 600 men led by Hernan Cortes landed at what is now Veracruz in Mexico.
10387	In 1540, the Society of Jesus, known as the Jesuits, was chartered by the Roman Catholic Church.
10388	In 1789, Thomas Jefferson was confirmed by the Senate to be the first United States secretary of state; John Jay, the first chief justice; Edmund Randolph, the first attorney general.
10389	In 1806 the Cape Colony was again conquered by Great Britain; thereafter black people gradually settled in the Western Cape and in considerable numbers since 1994.
10390	In 1866, the Gujarati social reformer Karsondas Mulji complained that an orthodox Hindu considered himself to be "sacrificing his religion" if he quaffed a Rogers lemonade.
10391	In 1880s England, Jonathan Joestar faces off against the vampire overlord Dio Brando, and in the 1980s, Jotaro Kujo (pictured) battles Dio and his minions once again.
10392	In 1889, the two rival groups decided once again to present a united front, and they merged to form the National Woman Suffrage Association.
10393	In 1908, 20 individuals were selected by the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery (BUMED) to represent the first members of the Nurse Corps.
10394	In 1910, African-American boxer Jack Johnson took on former undefeated heavyweight champion James J. Jeffries, beating him in 15 rounds, to stake his claim as the as the greatest heavyweight in the world.
10395	In 1932, when the Indian Military Academy (IMA) was established, he was selected to attend the IMA where he earned the first Sword of Honour, an award given to the best cadet of each year’s intake.
10396	In 1939, Dovidl is brought to London by his father to find someone to better hone his talents as a violin player.
10397	In 1944, the air ministry issued a revised requirement for bomber with 6,800-mile-long range with 8,800-pound bombload.
10398	In 1947 Luigi became ill, and this left the family destitute.
10399	In 1950 he made his way to Vineland, New Jersey, where his father, along with hundreds of other survivors, went into the chicken farming business.
10400	In 1954, President Dwight D. Eisenhower told Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren white Southerners “are not bad people.
10401	In 1962, Laurents hired her for “I Can Get It for You Wholesale.”
10402	In 1964, disaster struck Anchorage, Alaska, in the form of a 9.2-magnitude earthquake.
10403	In 1965, America’s first two-person space mission took place as Gemini 3 blasted off with astronauts Virgil I. “Gus” Grissom and John W. Young aboard for a nearly 5-hour flight.
10404	In 1973, Dr Harris invented the ‘Harris Matrix’, which became the subject of his doctoral thesis at University College London.
10405	In 1978, he ran unsuccessfully for Iowa treasurer.
10406	In 1978, the rural poor in the PRC accounted for 97.5% (770 million people) of the population.
10407	In 1987, Bill received his ninth Grammy nomination and third Grammy as a songwriter for the re-recording of his 1972 hit Lean On Me by Club Nouveau.
10408	In 1987, the White House released a January 1986 memorandum prepared for President Ronald Reagan by Lt. Col. Oliver L. North showing a link between U.S. arms sales to Iran and the release of American hostages in Lebanon.
10409	In 1993, the United States and Russia formally ended decades of competition in space by agreeing to a joint venture to build a space station.
10410	In 1994 a special archive was set for Sudanese traditional music in the folklore section.
10411	In 1995, a comprehensive recycling system was set up, and by the mid 2000s, South Korea was recycling some 60% of its trash, one of the highest rates around the world.
10412	In 1997, a collector named Jason Wilson bought 10 carts from the 1990 Nintendo World Championships (seven grey, three gold), including one for $50, after convincing a seller that the memorabilia wasn't actually that valuable.
10413	In 1999, Canada created a new territory, Nunavut, as a means of providing autonomy for the Inuit people.
10414	In 2001, HIT Entertainment purchased Lyrick, including the rights to “Wishbone.”
10415	In 2001, thousands of admirers turned out in London for what would prove to be the last birthday celebration for Britain’s Queen Mother Elizabeth, who had turned 101. (The Queen Mother died in March 2002.
10416	In 2002, when Stone served as president of the California Assessors Association, airlines tried to get the BOE to grant them tax relief as a result of economic harm suffered in the wake of the 2001 terrorist attacks.
10417	In 2003, he co-wrote the action comedy “,” starring Anthony Anderson and Jerry O’Connell.
10418	In 2003, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld declared, ‘We clearly have moved from major combat activity to a period of stability.’
10419	In 2004, Martin Gott and his partner Nicola Robinson moved to Sleight Farm from their jobs in Lancashire, in the northwest of England.
10420	In 2010, apparently down and out, Mr. Ray, who had recently been released from prison on a custody charge, moved into his daughter’s dorm room at Sarah Lawrence College in Yonkers, N.Y., federal investigators said.
10421	In 2010 Marvel teamed up with anime studio MADHOUSE to create anime that reimagined Marvel heroes for a Japanese audience.
10422	In 2010, when the Port of Long Beach released an initial environmental report on the bridge, not everyone welcomed the plan.
10423	In 2012, it voted 60% for Obama.
10424	In 2012 Karen King, a prestigious scholar at Harvard Divinity School, announced the academic discovery of a lifetime: a scrap of papyrus, purportedly from the early days of Christianity, in which Jesus refers to a woman as “my wife.”
10425	In 2012, NeNe threw shade at her long-time frenemy and tweeted out a pic saying that she remembers Sheree's "
10426	In 2013, all roads led to Claire’s home where Rumanzi went for the formal introduction.
10427	In 2013, almost a decade after her termination, the Ontario Human Rights Tribunal ordered that Fair be reinstated with back pay of $419,283.89 from that date a decade earlier when she could have been selected for the job.
10428	In 2014, Algeria experienced its first time in a knockout round at the FIFA World Cup.
10429	In 2014, a YouGov poll found that 82% of people would want to be in control of any life-prolonging treatments should they lose their mental capacity.
10430	In 2014, he partnered Mutharika who plucked him from the private sector where he worked as the first Malawian managing director of multinational Airtel Malawi plc before falling out midway and formed his UTM Party.
10431	In 2014, Williams was named as the top recruiter in the MWC.
10432	In 2015, he founded the NYC Street Photography Collective.
10433	In 2015, however, McClung got a call from Bernard’s legal team, which was contacting jurors as part of a post-conviction investigation.
10434	In 2015, the Limas decided to expand into a new facility on the other side of town and Novo Dia was born.
10435	In 2015, when JP Morgan first sprang the side-pocket on unsuspecting investors, Sebi was slow to react.
10436	In 2016, a newly installed manager of RBC, another business news site, which had written about controversial topics including Putin’s children, told reporters there were “solid double lines” that the reporters had to be careful not to cross.
10437	In 2017, a year after the Army’s ‘surgical strikes’ on terror camps in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (POK) and the killing of Burhan Wani, recruitment went up to 128 from 88 the previous year.
10438	In 2017, Sony Pictures Television Funimation with a 95 percent controlling stake in the anime-streaming service.
10439	In 2017, the AG worked closely with the World Bank and the IMF to undertake an audit of government payment arrears that had accumulated over the period 2013–2016.
10440	In 2017, when I became the SNP’s spokesperson on the economy I was the first woman to hold that role in parliament.
10441	In 2018, 102.6 million passengers used Istanbul’s airports.
10442	“In 2018-19, it generated production revenue of only £28 million from such commissions, and its successful non-BBC commissions tended to be for small, one-off factual programmes rather than large drama series.”
10443	In 2018, Angola's government strenuously protected former Vice President Manuel Vicente against corruption charges in a Portuguese court — a sign, government critics say, that this anti-corruption drive is purely cosmetic.
10444	In 2018, he won an Academy Award for best animated short film for "Dear Basketball," his love letter to the sport.
10445	In 2018, NHS Resolution, the legal arm of NHS trusts in England, launched a scheme aimed at improving maternity care and reducing the cost of errors.
10446	In 2018, police investigators identified Joseph DeAngelo, a former police officer, after using DNA from crime scenes to find relatives of their suspect through a popular genealogy website database.
10447	In 2018, the Hall of Fame elected Ray Lewis, who was indicted on two murder charges in connection with stabbing deaths outside an Atlanta nightclub in 2000.
10448	In 2019, Ithmaar Bank launched a customer-centric chat service on WhatsApp Business social media platform to help further improve its customers’ banking experience.
10449	In 2019 sales at the biggest brewer fell by 5 percent.
10450	In 2019, St. Vincent de Paul provided $1.68 million in rent and utility assistance as part of its homelessness prevention initiatives.
10451	In 2019, the Department of Energy granted 11 new long-term LNG export approvals.
10452	"In 2019, we saw allegations of 17 000 tonnes of maize being imported from Tanzania at US$600 a tonne while world prices were at US$240 a tonne.
10453	In 2019, we saw smartphones with foldable display.
10454	In 2020-21, campaign funds will support 30 local programs and services, four of which are new partnerships.
10455	In 2020, 48 students will graduate from the Rustam School, and the 40 who have enough money to travel have registered for the Kankor exam (a general entrance exam for university that is administered in the center of the province).
10456	In 2020, council was on the cusp of increasing property tax rates by 5.3 per cent before the COVID-19 pandemic hit.
10457	In 2020, facing persistent silence from the administration, GUFF again resorted to student-driven pressure.
10458	In 2020, Gladys Waters participated in a show named "Awakening" performed by the Stefan Baumann's art students group.
10459	In 2020, we discovered that like tan, cream and camel as much as neons and tie-dye.
10460	In 2020, we must decide: Who do we want to be?
10461	In 2020, without any warning, we, like other districts, faced the challenge of converting to virtual learning.
10462	In 50 career games (four starts), Jordan has 10.5 sacks and 20 QB hits.
10463	In 99.9% of cases, when analysts see the five most important ingredients and interconnections out of tens of hundreds, they can immediately identify the type of crime being presented.
10464	In a 2011 series dubbed the " for the Oil Sands in Washington" The Tyee described the intensity of Canadian lobbying efforts on behalf of Keystone XL.
10465	In a briefing at the White House, scientists said they had found that the virus was quickly destroyed by sunlight, raising hopes that the pandemic could ease as the northern hemisphere summer approaches.
10466	In a call this month with the industry, Verma estimated that half of the country's nursing homes have experienced cases.
10467	In accordance with the law, all individuals, other than authorised personnel, are prohibited from operating drones in controlled airspaces designated for civilian or military aircraft.
10468	Inaccurate tests in the current outbreak could be devastating – imagine if you tested negative, but were infected, and went out and infected more people.
10469	In a city where the instinct to gather in crowds has been thwarted by the virus, the cheering gives people — from their separate windows, terraces, fire escapes, stoops and rooftops — a way to connect.
10470	In a concrete example, years ago, when searching for the term “Jew” on Google, the top results were links to anti-Semitic websites.
10471	In a contest rife with them, redshirt senior had one of the best individual performances, earning a major decision on the strength of his 14-0 shut-out.
10472	In a conversation with Collider, Paul spoke about making the series in comparison to the large scale MCU movies and said that the process wasn’t really all that different.
10473	In a country where even a simple complaint about living conditions can be defined as sabotaging the president's efforts, the scope of the perceived offenses is broad, unlimited and endangers the very foundations of journalism.
10474	In addition, 35 blocks for recovered workers in 12 purpose-built dormitories have also been cleared of COVID-19.
10475	In addition, a cluster of balloons attached to an explosive device was found in the southern city of Sderot.
10476	“In addition and the New Year, we’re expecting that there’s going to be some longer term relief to help with housing, to help with our businesses.
10477	In addition, a new tree is planted for every planter purchased.
10478	In addition, confinement aimed at limiting the spread of the novel coronavirus has greatly limited the possibility of visiting potential new living spaces.
10479	In addition, doing any of the above so that the official uses his/her position to influence any acts or decisions of the government/body they work for is a bribe.
10480	In addition, ECB President Lagarde has also continued to call for governments to prolong fiscal support.
10481	In addition, expect Jan and Claire spend some time together this week.
10482	In addition, “Game of Thrones” alum Bryan Cogman has signed on as a consulting producer on the project with J.A. Bayona set to direct multiple episodes.
10483	In addition he decried the mask mandate.
10484	In addition, I admire the work all the hospital staff and first responders have been doing and I thought a way to thank them could be by raising money to buy pizzas from Nonno’s for them.
10485	In addition, IAR Systems and Arm provide functional-safety certified compilers for STM8 and STM32.
10486	In addition, in case of Bangladesh, recent TIB studies have shown at least two more channels of illicit financial transfers.
10487	In addition, it should be noted that the U.S. terrorism has targeted not only the Islamic Republic of Iran but the resistance movement in general.
10488	In addition, net interest income before impairments is up 21% to N28.0bn and non-interest income up 22% to N22.7bn,” he said.
10489	In addition, senior news editor Rik speaks with Activision's vice president of mobile to find out how Call of Duty: Mobile became such a huge success.
10490	In addition, she has extensive commercial experience in the telecommunications industry.
10491	In addition, the Company and Westwater will work to reduce and replace existing reclamation bonds on Westwater’s uranium projects totaling approximately US$9.25 million.
10492	In addition, the growing availability of commercial coffee brewers with energy-efficient features is anticipated to boost the growth of the commercial coffee brewer market.
10493	In addition, the mode can utlise the GPS on your phone to mark frequently used locations, to switch to specific settings whenever you arrive at the gym or workplace, say.
10494	In addition, the network of labs equipped to test COVID-19 have been expanded to 52, in total.
10495	In addition, the open back dipped down to the middle of her backside to expose her round booty.
10496	In addition, there are organizations, including ours, that look at this site as an opportunity to restore the original Penn Station, a classic design that is easily adapted for this new expanded role.
10497	In addition, there are risks that the effect of actions taken by us in implementing targets, commitments and ambitions for ESG focus areas may have a negative impact on our existing business, growth plans and future results from operations.
10498	In addition, the study suggested that using facial coverings would likely be instrumental in staving off stringent social distancing measures.
10499	In addition, they are only allowing local visitors from "Yamanashi, Nagano, Niigata and Shizuoka prefectures."
10500	In addition to above projects, the Group followed up with several projects in oil rening, petrochemicals, new coal chemicals, environmental protection and energy saving elds, which are expected to enter into new contracts in the future.
10501	In addition to Amazon's upcoming Prime Day, the company announced that it will be hiring 100,00 additional full-time and part-time employees in the U.S. and Canada earlier this month.
10502	In addition to announcing the game's somewhat imminent release window, the publisher also revealed a new trailer, which most importantly reveals the game's last unrevealed playable character, Floyd Iraia, a bruiser with powerful cybernetic arms.
10503	In addition to Australia and Canada, they include South Africa, New Zealand and India.
10504	In addition to averaging 25 points and 7.8 rebounds a game while shooting 48.9 percent from the field, James has never been a better playmaker.
10505	In addition to food distribution to agencies, we serve our most vulnerable populations, seniors and children, through specialty programs such as School-Based Pantries, Mobile Pantries, Summer Meals for Kids, and Senior Hunger Initiative programs.
10506	In addition to former politicians, right-wing pundits rebuked Trump’s remarks as well.
10507	In addition to Fox, Sandow was supposedly another wrestler who was considered for The New Day.
10508	In addition to his comments on testing, Starmer took issue with the governments failure to remove what he called blockages in the system regarding the delivery of protective equipment to front-line health-care workers.
10509	“In addition to his regular duties supervising all clinical care across Mid Coast-Parkview Health, Dr. Bowe has been an invaluable addition to our organization during these unprecedented times,” said Lois Skillings, president of Mid Coast-Parkview Health.
10510	In addition to Jane’s text, the source close to Noelle sent by email, or allowed the Reporter to view text exchanges with several other women, purportedly clients of Nick’s.
10511	In addition, to making Laurel Canyon as their home during the 60s.
10512	In addition to newly proposed innovations, many Yissum subsidiaries have already adjusted existing methods and technologies to fight the virus.
10513	In addition to ovarian cancer, AHCC is now being looked at as a complement to other kinds of therapies relating to intestinal cancer.
10514	In addition to plows, crews will use road salt to melt ice.
10515	In addition to providing a final chapter for the post-apocalyptic series, Season 7 of includes a backdoor pilot fore a potential prequel series.
10516	In addition to providing expertise in Microsoft training, the company offers courses in a range of software technologies and disciplines including Cyber Security, Cisco, CompTIA, ITIL, VMWare, Project Management, and others.
10517	In addition to rallies and sit-in protests, collectives like Hum Bharat Ke Log and We the People have organised public interactions and speeches like those by Kannan Gopinathan and Sasikanth Senthil.
10518	In addition to six matches, including one surprising title change, Saturday night’s WWE Worlds Collide special saw two angles play out in the form of Tegan Nox attacking Dakota Kai, and Finn Balor attacking Johnny Gargano.
10519	In addition to starting Nelson in place of Jones at quarterback, the other challenge Dallas (2-2) faces is winning a home game.
10520	In addition to staying at home to work on these tasks, it helps considerably to go further and completely self-isolate (which also has the bonus of proving even more lethal to the virus).
10521	In addition to that, White owned businesses receive much more respect as well.
10522	In addition to the company’s rising depreciation and amortization costs as it signed up more flats to manage, the peak of the coronavirus pandemic in China led to for flats, the company said in a statement in February.
10523	In addition to the coronavirus patients, ICUs in the Netherlands were also treating 440 patients with other health problems, 43 more than on Wednesday.
10524	In addition to the five nominated song performances, the show will feature a special appearance by QUESTLOVE and a guest-conducted segment by EÍMEAR NOONE.
10525	In addition to the regular mail, it delivers surveys for the critically important 2020 censusmasks, sanitizers, toilet paper and other pandemic staples that Americans order online.
10526	In addition to this, students can still access campus services such as the writing center, library services, technical support, and career services.
10527	In addition to training, she even while taking a stroll in New Jersey in Nov. 2019 (which, thankfully, was just makeup for a scene).
10528	In addition to undergoing in-depth product education, these employees now have a collaborative, serene, calm and welcoming space on the second floor to call their own.
10529	In addition to university policies prohibiting large gatherings, the SDSU’s Interfraternity Council implemented a social moratorium on Aug. 24, banning all in-person social events.
10530	In addition to your minimalist 14k gold jewelry, you offer hand-sewn Talisman Pouch necklaces.
10531	Inadequate regulation further fuels an irresponsible use of America’s vast natural resources.
10532	In a developed capitalist economy like ours the two are intertwined – they have been since the party was formed and affiliated to large swathes of organised labour.
10533	In a discussion with former Republican Ohio Governor John Kasich, Lemon singled out Rubio, who praised the vehicular intervention at a campaign rally in Florida on Sunday.
10534	In a fiery farewell speech, Rep. Katie Hill suggested a double standard forced her resignation amid a bitter divorce.
10535	In a Final Consent Order filed on October 13, 2020, Byahatti agreed to the permanent revocation of her license as well as the payment of $50,000 in costs and penalties to resolve the allegations against her.
10536	In a flock of 10,000 birds, that means around 400 birds dying or being culled.
10537	In a follow-up post, she expounded on her disdain.
10538	In a gay relationship, you could fall in love with someone that has a similar sexual preference that makes it harder to navigate.
10539	In aggregate, this has to be a decade of torture.
10540	In a heavily edited video, Luke Denman is shown describing his alleged role in what Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro has called a “failed coup” attempt organized by a US security firm.
10541	In a huge victory for the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, a federal court that the government had failed to do a complete environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline before granting permits.
10542	In a joint letter together with eight counterparts, he demanded the introduction of corona bonds as a reaction to the economic crisis -- essentially joint debt that would be, in a worst-case scenario, backed by Germany alone.
10543	In Albany, the hospital hopes for some relief in a second medical complex the system owns across town.
10544	In a lecture, he pointed to contradictions in the only survivor's account.
10545	In a letter dated April 14 to Mr Nathan Bullock, Zambia’s Mining Licensing Committee said it planned to revoke the company’s operating permits for the Nkana and Mufulira mines in seven days unless it could show why they should not be cancelled.
10546	In a letter dated January 14, Local Government minister July Moyo ordered the renaming of five streets in honour of President Emmerson Mnangagwa, late heroes Edison Zvobgo, Shuvai Mahofa, Simon Muzenda and Sheba Tavarwisa, giving a January 21 deadline.
10547	In a letter sent this week, a coalition of North Carolina mayors urged Sens.
10548	In a letter to Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and Deputy Commissioner, Kendriya Vidyalaya Sanghatan Regional Office, Ernakulam, G. Suresh, general secretary of the association, said around 400 teachers in KVs in Kerala hail from other States.
10549	In a letter to Lametti, the National Security and Intelligence Review Agency warns of the “serious risks” to both the country and employees when there are poor protocols — or none at all — for disclosing wrongdoing, harassment and discrimination.
10550	In alignment with CDC health guidelines and in compliance with city ordinances, all Margarita Truck employees wear masks and gloves while assembling food and beverage orders.
10551	In Alito’s mind, a… https://t.
10552	In all, 1,48,05,879 families would be benefited.
10553	In all fairness there is something special about the situation here.
10554	In all of this craziness there is a voice of sanity that I turn to often (though, truth be told, I’m only able to take him in small doses, because it’s powerful medicine, this), and that is writer and teacher Stephen Jenkinson.
10555	In all, only the East-West road has been left comatose.
10556	In all, Sabaini deposited about $251,000 in a special account this way through 2018, the indictment charges.
10557	“In all this coronavirus commotion, I’m really scared that some sick children will be overlooked,” he added.
10558	In a lot of ways, it felt like a movie.
10559	In a matter of days, a UC Berkeley science building has converted to a COVID-19 test processing center, with researchers hoping to enable up to thousands more coronavirus tests per day in the East Bay.
10560	In a memo to licensed sportsbooks in Nevada, permission has been given to take bets on the North American Counter-Strike event that runs through mid-April.
10561	In a message to the conference, World Bank secretary-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the impact on the poor made "it even more of an injustice".
10562	In an April 1967 newspaper article, my grandfather was quoted as saying: “These people had lived through difficult experiences that had filled them with hate… The leader of the gang had lost his parents in the war.
10563	In a national emergency — such as war, terrorism, or now a pandemic — the government takes drastic measures.
10564	In an attempt to up the run rate, Bartlett has a hopeful, but doomladen, swing.
10565	In an Aug. 27 message to NIH staff, Alexander said there is no reason to test people without coronavirus symptoms — mirroring controversial CDC guidance issued days earlier.
10566	In an effort to cover up the robbery, Zunde allegedly went to Harare Central Police Station and reported that his vehicle had been stolen.
10567	In an effort to exercise, “an abundance of caution,” the schools in Lynn closed Thursday.
10568	In an emergency meeting held on March 12, the Vaad Roshei Yeshiva of Torah Umesorah advised against uniformly closing schools in areas where public schools have not been closed (see statement ).
10569	In an episode this week, Jones claimed vaccines cause widespread disease and repeated far-right talking points about Joe Biden.
10570	In a new report, a research team based at Harvard and the Illinois Institute of Technology has tried to tease out the ways in which the virus passed from person to person in the staterooms, corridors and common areas of the Diamond Princess.
10571	In a new report, the Scottish Public Services Ombudsman said: “We found that appropriate monitoring of the child’s blood gases was performed, particularly for in a high-dependency unit setting.
10572	In a news release, the governor said the state must weigh safety precautions along with economic considerations.
10573	In an exclusive chat with Desimartini, Javed spoke about his character in the film.
10574	In an interview, Ivens falsely told police the man did not have a firearm in his possession that day, and she had not seen him with the firearm.
10575	In an interview with CBC at the time, Greene credited her upbringing for the qualities that served her well in dealing with difficult situations.
10576	In an interview with CBS News, due to air on Sunday, Mr Obama said President-elect Joe Biden had “clearly won” this year’s race for the White House.
10577	In an interview with Deadline, she said, “like any other experience I’ve found traumatic, it’s been therapeutic to write about it, and actively twist a narrative of pain into one of hope, and even humor.”
10578	In an interview with Good Morning America broadcast Friday, however, Cohen, appearing out of character, Giuliani’s explanation.
10579	In an interview with the organisers of the Dubai Open earlier this week, Djokovic claimed that the тАЬBig ThreeтАЭ have a WhatsApp group of their own.
10580	In an op-ed this May, The Observer's former editor-in-chief Elisabeth Spiers that Kushner's botched response to the COVID-19 was strikingly similar in style to his alleged mismanagement of the paper.
10581	In an order released Monday, May 18, U.S. District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith agreed that the telegraph is historically and culturally important and could soon be lost within the rapidly decaying wreck site.
10582	In a normal timeline, there would have been a clear strong science based response from the federal government.
10583	In another piece of concept art, we see what appears to be an emotional meeting between General Leia and Rey with the Tantive IV (the iconic ship from 's opening) in the background.
10584	In any case, I told Tom I was still too sad to be good company, which was true.
10585	In any case, Kaiba runs into an immediate problem in that no matter what he comes up with, Pegasus has an answer.
10586	In any case, Shapiro’s office said, Trump’s campaign had provided similar photos and videos in a lawsuit in federal court in its effort to ban drop boxes.
10587	In any event, Cuba poses no threat to the security of the U.S. or the wellbeing of its people, something about which CARICOM countries would be deeply concerned were it so.
10588	'In any event, the principle of non-extradition of nationals is a principle of extradition law from which France has never deviated outside the framework of the European Union,' the letter said.
10589	In any offseason, that would be a lot to bear.
10590	In a post shared to her Instagram Stories last week, Banks pushed back against reports that West suffers from bipolar disorder, saying he’s only pretending to cover up the fact that he’s a “closeted homosexual.”
10591	In a prepared statement sent to this newspaper Sunday, non-profit agency Pathways to Independence confirmed that “an incident occurred at our supported home resulting in the death of a valued and respected member of the Pathways staff.
10592	In a (pre-recorded) message on the global earnings, he stated that in most international markets, growth was broad-based across both snacks and beverages segments.
10593	In a press conference jointly addressed by him and L-G Anil Baijal, Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal called the measures necessary.
10594	In a press statement, Ajay Singh, Chairman and Managing Director, SpiceJet, said, “Our cargo operations are doing extremely well and to address the increased demand we have converted three Q400 passenger aircraft into freighters.”
10595	In a press statement released by the varsity council-led by said the VC was sacked due to his reckless mode of spending.
10596	In April, the Times ran a story about bar owner and Trump supporter Joe Joyce, who died of coronavirus after taking a cruise to Spain.
10597	In a prior article, I mentioned we re-balanced the account that Morgan Stanley manages for us.
10598	In a quick reaction to all those suggestions, Nana Ama McBrown has released a disclaimer on her social media platforms to dissociate herself.
10599	In a reaction, the Malta Entertainment Industry and Arts, MEIA, said it is deeply concerned with the judgement on the libel case filed by the actress.
10600	In a recent district survey, 31 percent of respondents said they would not choose distance learning over in-person instruction if given the choice; another 43 percent were undecided, while 26 percent favored distance learning.
10601	In a recent issue of SOD, Wright discussed watching her fantastic stunt double along with Lanier’s equally terrific stunt double.
10602	In a recent livestream, Luke Smith assured players that they can safely delete armor pieces that are only being kept for their appearance.
10603	In a related development, Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has said some politicians have been exploiting insecurity for personal gains.
10604	In a relatively short period of time, China has grown to become the largest investor in African infrastructure projects.
10605	In a release, there was no mention of the Pork & Beats Festival that was in the chamber’s original year-long schedule.
10606	In a report, they say tech firms had been found to glue and solder together components making any repairs by consumers impossible.
10607	In a research note Friday, Juenger wrote that he believes Disney+ subscriber additions have peaked, comparing them to similar stages in the evolution of other streaming video giants Netflix and music service Spotify.
10608	In Arizona, for instance, Republican leaders are pressuring tribes to resolve outstanding water disputes with the state before renegotiating gaming agreements.
10609	In a sector update, the research team at Affin Hwang Investment Bank Bhd (Affin Hwang) said 2020 is set to be a challenging year amidst the outbreak of Covid-19 which would likely stretch beyond the first quarter of 2020 (1Q20).
10610	In a sense, it’s their own method of moving the needle a little further towards justice.
10611	IN A separate incident, a bank branch in Jericho was attacked with a Molotov cocktail.
10612	In a separate interview, casually mentioned “It’d be nice to go back and have a romp” in regards to a sequel.
10613	In a separate message to fans on Instagram on Friday night, Wilder reiterated that he will invoke his rematch clause and vowed to win back the WBC heavyweight title he lost to Fury.
10614	In a series marked by record-setting scoring histrionics, by the mano-a-mano basket-getting brilliance of Mitchell and Jamal Murray, naturally, Tuesday night’s Game 7 came down to an old-school, hard-fought, throwback slugfest.
10615	In a series of tweets on Monday slamming the British daily, Javadekar had said, “I know it’s a bit too much for you to understand India, but here’s an effort: Stop predicting the breaking apart of India at every possible chance you get.
10616	In a similar incident on May 11, police said that officers stopped a vehicle travelling 160 kilometres on Highway 50, north of Major Mackenzie Drive West, around 11 p.m.
10617	In a similar story, a young lady identified as Samantha, recently took to her Instagram page to pen down how she was kicked out of church in Abuja for 'dressing indecently'.
10618	In a similar vein, some politicians are also connecting with voters through community service, such as by delivering food to people’s homes.
10619	In a similar way, last year’s “Joker” broke free the bonds of a shared universe for the better.
10620	In a stark contrast to the original black-and-white comics some of us remember seeing in printed newspapers, these new images are much more detailed and fully colorized.
10621	In a statement issued at the time, Reilly’s lawyer Padraig O Muirigh strongly denied allegations he was involved as being “without any foundation”.
10622	In a statement issued on Tuesday, the company said the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic necessitated its decision to lay off workers.
10623	In a statement, JEMP noted that the number of COVID-19 cases in Victoria “continues to increase significantly”.
10624	In a statement, Murtaugh did not address the salaries paid through Parscale Strategies.
10625	In a statement on the corporation’s website, it’s noted that the visit took place on that date between 1:00 and 4:00 pm.
10626	In a statement released March 6, Vatican spokesman Matteo Bruni said services were halted “in order to sanitize the area after a patient tested positive for COVID-19.”
10627	In a statement released Monday, Nov. 9, Kuncl said the couple will depart at the end of the school year, June 30, 2021.
10628	In a statement released on Twitter he said the 29-year-old father of three “was helping to de-escalate a domestic incident” at the time.
10629	In a statement signed by Media Assistant to the NC/CE0 AUDA-NEPAD/APRM, Nigeria Abolade Ogundimu, Akobundu disclosed this in Abuja when she led leaders of APRM Continental and other Country offices to a courtesy visit to President Mohammadu Buhari.
10630	In a statement the trust confirmed “only essential operations” were taking place.
10631	In a statement, the Wuhan health authority said: "At present, the task of epidemic prevention and control in the city is still very heavy.
10632	In a statement to the outlet, his son confirmed his father “had many of his family who could be in the Bahamas around him” when he died overnight in Nassau.
10633	In a striking demonstration of the mind-bending effect, the boats seem to defy the laws of gravity as they bob about on the water above them with their sails pointing down.
10634	In a surprising move, Aquaman fought his brother, though not with the intent to rule the kingdom.
10635	In a test, Farm Progress identified a 92-acre parcel in eastern Iowa, but he explains that you can find land anywhere in the country to fly.
10636	In a that shows his kids playing on trampolines and a basketball court, the rapper's injured foot can be seen in a bandage.
10637	In a time of national crisis, this must be accomplished without exploiting the emergency and appearing cynically opportunistic.
10638	In a trio of media appearances on Tuesday, Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said his stay-home order, and those of D.C. and Virginia, were going to save lives, but that the state was still facing critical shortages.
10639	In a tweet Monday, Halifax Regional Police chief Dan Kinsella called the situation “highly irresponsible … especially during a sensitive time.”
10640	In a tweet, Ms Leadsom said: “I am deeply sorry that extradition has been refused.
10641	In a tweet on Monday, the commander of U.S. Forces Korea Gen. Robert Abrams identified the 61-year old female patient as the widow of a retired soldier.
10642	In a twist, the trendy brand announced its Facebook and Instagram plans via an Instagram Story late on June 29. “Facebook and Instagram are places for us to share with you.
10643	In Auckland the campervans have not yet been used and remain as a precautionary option, the spokeswoman said.
10644	In August 1957, he was united in marriage to Beverly Kondor.
10645	In August 2002, he announced his retirement from live performing.
10646	In August 2016, he took a tour of its office and posed for a photo with Laube and then-CEO Scott Grimes, which he posted to Facebook.
10647	In August 2018, GroundUp reported how many school children walk across this rugged, vacant land from KwaNobuhle to the Solomon Mahlangu High School crossing where the bridge collapsed.
10648	In August last year, a high-speed vessel armed with a gun and flying what appeared to be a North Korean Navy flag threatened to fire at a Japan Coast Guard ship before leaving.
10649	In Australia, with about 80 COVID-19 deaths, 1.1 million of the country's 26 million people downloaded a new contact-tracing app within 12 hours of its becoming available.
10650	In a video shared by Sonu on Instagram, the singer said that many artistes lose out on work because of actors who are in control of their movies.
10651	In a video shared on social media by figures including TV naturalist Chris Packham last night, a protester can be seen accusing a security guard of injuring him.
10652	In a volatile period like this, that exaggerates both the downturn — and then the subsequent comeback.
10653	In a way they become a part of me.
10654	In a Wednesday letter to state District Judge Eric Moyé, Attorney General Ken Paxton wrote that Shelley Luther, the owner of Salon … la Mode in Dallas, should be immediately released.
10655	In a year defined by the development of young talent, the Bradley men’s golf team is ready to continue its progress this spring.
10656	Inazumi also says that the university places importance on direct education, but that holding in-person classes will draw many students to the campuses.
10657	In Baltimore, Aaron Judge hit a three-run homer in the ninth inning after New York blew an early five-run lead, and the Yankees swept an impromptu two-game series.
10658	In Barter’s own garden, he decorates his patio with potted aubergines, peppers and tomatoes, which are easy to grow and don't need to be in vegetable patches.
10659	In Belarus, Tajikistan and Turkmenistan, political leaders have belittled the seriousness of the pandemic and promoted cures with no proven efficacy.
10660	In Belgium, Vizzard and his friend Father Leo Lunders persuaded nuns from Sister Luke’s (Audrey Hepburn) convent to review the script.
10661	In between preparing for classes and her next broadcast, Kayyem took a break to talk politics, pandemics, and what we can all expect to happen next.
10662	In both cases, a woman has periodic encounters with a near-stranger, who evades romantic attachment but leads her to new-to-her erotic heights (and depths).
10663	In both cases, Ghaisar drives off.
10664	In both cities, Sanders and businessman Andrew Yang were also shut out.
10665	In both, it had become customary for the army chief to make “a State of the Nation” type address, depicting the valour and sacrifices made against the enemy in “carefully crafted narratives of grief and mourning”.
10666	In both, Paul can be seen telling his 21-year-old teammate where to be.
10667	In both theory and practice we were primed to meet this challenge.
10668	In Brazil, optimism surrounding the government’s economic agenda has resulted in a more favourable investment climate.
10669	In Britain, Churchill’s legacy is under question, after his statue in central London was targeted during recent anti-racism protests that led to it being boxed up.
10670	In Broward, Miami-Dade and Palm Beach counties, voters registered as NPA’s outdo registered Republicans and are running a close second to registered Democrats.
10671	In Calgary, some teachers who normally work in the classroom will be assigned to teach students who choose the online option.
10672	In California, where more than three million acres have burned, Mr. Newsom held a surreal livestreamed news conference, speaking among charred trees in the midst of a yellowish, smoky haze left by the raging North Complex Fires.
10673	In calling for calm, Masina said the officer and security guard were arrested on Sunday.
10674	“In Canada, some of our best fishing is in the fall but down south it’s probably the toughest time of the year,” Gustafson said during a telephone interview.
10675	In Cape Town, more than 140 train carriages have been destroyed since 2015, leaving scarcely more than a third of trainsets operational.
10676	“In case of a need, we have identified 2,849 relief camps and by now 13 are already functional.
10677	In case of deficiency, however, based on current research, it seems that consuming 1000-4000 IU of vitamin D on a daily basis should be ideal for most people to reach healthy levels, the doctor recommends.
10678	In cases of sexual harassment and assault, the stakes for both sides are very high.
10679	In case the quality is so poor it means that a number of patients are going to suffer and the hospital may be at risk of being closed.
10680	In case you miss the chance to see the latest supermoon, you will have to wait for a month to see the next supermoon.
10681	In casual relationships, you can get intimacy but not the human connection, while in friendship, human connection but not the intimacy.
10682	In China, the phones come with Snapdragon 865 chipset with 5G support, 108MP primary camera, four rear cameras, up to 12GB RAM, 50W fast wired charging and more.
10683	"In Chinatown, there's a lot of history and we want to see people come back for the culture," says Edward Siu, chairman of the same merchant's group.
10684	Incidentally, some transgender activists insist that both men and women can menstruate.
10685	“In closing, I wish to thank from the bottom of my heart those of you, who have rallied around my wife and me during this very difficult time.
10686	Included in these commitments are commitments from management of the Corporation, including Mr. Henri Petit, President and CEO of the Corporation, for 500,000 Units, in satisfaction of outstanding debt of the Corporation in such amount.
10687	Included in those saying farewell was Suraj’s father, and two siblings.
10688	In college, she studied business.
10689	In commuting sentences, Pritzker clearly has been taking age into consideration.
10690	In comparison, Britain, a country originally built around a dominant aristocracy, today scores 35 on the power distance index, meaning British people are radically less accepting of power inequalities in their society than Nigerians.
10691	In comparison, on Boxing Day 2019, the wind produced 32.94 per cent of electricity, equating to 10.02 GW of the electricity on the grid.
10692	In conjunction with the capital infusion, one of Enstar's wholly owned subsidiaries has entered into a combination loss portfolio and adverse development cover reinsurance agreement with the Company.
10693	In contrast, the Kirin 990, which was announced last year, stopped at Cortex-A76 for cost-efficiency reasons.
10694	In contrast, there are also characters that commit atrocities with seemingly anti-Christian morals.
10695	In contrast, they found that the fingerprints for four distinct types of related influx channels, that enable potassium ions to enter cells, have diversified more recently, allowing for an increased variety of channel functions in flowering plants.
10696	In contrast to Japan’s approach, the European Union has listed Japan among about a dozen countries under consideration for lifting travel restrictions this week.
10697	In countries where civilization has been well entrenched, persons trained as Lawyers are expected to be endowed with level-headed mindsets.
10698	In County Antrim, a man has been charged with murdering his elderly grandmother during the Covid-19 pandemic lockdown.
10699	In court, victim advocates read prepared statements from his former employees who said they were not fully paid for working excessive hours and were blocked from seeking medical care after they were hurt on the job.
10700	Increases the perks that can be found on gear to activate along with giving increased critical hit chance on all attacks.
10701	Increase testing centres and make medicines available as more and more patients are being advised home quarantine.
10702	Increasingly severe storms not only make sense thematically for the frozen moon of Europa, but the effects also add a degree of unpredictability for whatever guardians are doing on the planet as well.
10703	Increasingly, they seek a move in the socialist (or collectivist) direction to save them from the perceived evils of capitalism.
10704	Increasing the term of the policy also results in attachment of higher bonus each year to the policy.
10705	Increasing usage of internet in the country notwithstanding, Indians still prefer to buy their insurance from agents rather than online, said the survey.
10706	In December 2019, a Thai journalist was sentenced to two years in prison for criticizing a chicken farm on Twitter.
10707	In December 2019 the base index of consumer prices, which does not account for changes in prices for individual goods and services susceptible to administrative and seasonal factors, stood at 100.1% over November 2019 and 103.5% as against December 2018.
10708	In December, the magazine publisher said that its chief fashion director Aya Kanai would become the of Marie Claire, taking the reins from Anne Fulenwider, who had been in charge since 2012.
10709	Indeed, COVID-19 has brought new awareness of nursing's role in the emotional well-being of patients.
10710	Indeed, in the past five years, the former Emir, an economist has spoken about educationally, social and economically backwardness of the North and called for action to stop gradual retrogression of the region.
10711	Indeed, I understand the words and position of these world leaders.
10712	Indeed, Montefiore Health System is comprised of 15 member hospitals and more than 200 outpatient ambulatory care sites that provide coordinated, comprehensive care to patients and their families across the Bronx, Westchester and the Hudson Valley.
10713	Indeed, recent research has shown that eating intuitively over time is connected to healthier eating habits and better mental health.
10714	Indeed, thanks to the decomposition of physical media, they looked even worse than the videos we all saw on our CD-ROM drives back in the day.
10715	Indeed, the nearest elsewhere in Europe was a single tremor felt near Neon Karlovasion in Greece.
10716	Indeed, these big cats are hemmed in by dangerous highways, making it difficult for them to move about and replenish their gene pool.
10717	Indeed, the upgraded Hilux range will need all the ammunition it can get to face up to the next-generation Ford Ranger, which is likely to hit the market around 2022.
10718	“Indeed, trade is being revolutionised through modernization and policies that create enabling environment for business to thrive,” Ali said.
10719	Indeed, when Hardware Brewing Co., a small business northeast of Lewiston, opened its doors again on May 1 — in defiance of Little's stay-home order — McGeachin and Labrador attended the reopening and proudly posed beside the owner.
10720	Indego owns more than 1,000 bikes that can be picked up at more than 100 stations citywide.
10721	In Delhi-NCR, the sales of residential properties declined to 15,450 units in January-September this year, from 36,210 units in the year-ago period.
10722	Independent refiner Phillips 66 was monitoring the storm on Sunday, the company said.
10723	“India and China are two swords in one scabbard called Asia.
10724	India has become an attractive hub for international technology companies like Apple, Samsung, IBM, One plus, etc.
10725	India has over 13,380 positive cases of the coronavirus with Maharashtra being the worst affected state.
10726	India has recorded 47,638 new cases of the coronavirus, taking its total to 8.4 million.
10727	India has reported 1.071 cases, including 29 fatalities.
10728	India has reported the world's third-largest number of coronavirus infections.
10729	India has the world's third-highest caseload after the United States and Brazil.
10730	India is ambitious to develop and enhance its warfare capabilities in the domain of hybrid, conventional/sub-conventional, and surgical strike capabilities.
10731	India is the world’s largest producer of hydroxychloroquine.
10732	India launch date is yet to be revealed.
10733	Indianapolis and the seven counties surrounding it account for 68% of Indiana’s COVID-19 deaths and 63% of its confirmed cases.
10734	Indiana, Purdue, NC State, USC, Stanford, Cincinnati and Wichita State could also be vulnerable.
10735	Indian Envoy to UN Rajiv Kumar Chander in Geneva said that the country has been keeping a close watch on the recent developments in Hong Kong and and urged the global body to address related concerns.
10736	Indian media, particularly the electronic media, has been seen as very rabid and pro establishment, with very few exceptions.
10737	Indians left-hander Oliver Pérez made his first appearance this season, the 18th of his career.
10738	India recorded the highest single-day spike of 34,956 COVID-19 cases and 687 deaths in the last 24 hours, pushing the tally to 10,03,832 cases with a death total of 34,956 cases the Health Ministry's data stated on Friday.
10739	India’s average cases per million stand at 5,930,” said the Ministry.
10740	India’s defense minister said only that “there are negotiations when we have to buy or sell weapons.
10741	India’s first confirmed case of coronavirus had been reported from Kerala a few days back.
10742	India Stack provides the technology backbone for Digital India initiatives.
10743	India was declared the 'deadliest country' for forest rangers in the world according to stats from 2012-2017 reported by the International Ranger Federation, reporting a high number of cases of deaths among rangers.
10744	Indict the whole Trump crime family and take them down - just like John Gotti.
10745	INDIE 102.3 PD WILLOBEE CARLAN said, “B-SIDE MUSIC FRIDAYS has been one of those essential summer activities in DENVER for many years.
10746	"Indigenous Australians were actually granted automatic citizenship when the Nationality and Citizenship Act 1948 came into effect on Australia Day 1949.
10747	Indigenous to the northern parts of South Africa, it’s also known for its pretty fruit high in Vitamin C. Evergreen with dark, glossy foliage, it has a spreading, neat crown and can take partial shade on a patio.
10748	In dim evening light I couldn’t see many details, but two days later I again saw a juvenile’s head in better light.
10749	In District of Columbia v. Heller, the Supreme Court affirmed for the first time that the right belongs to individuals, for self-defense in the home, while also including, as dicta, that the right is not unlimited.
10750	Individual states and territories may choose to mandate and/or enforce this requirement.
10751	In doing so, China is likely to shoot itself in the foot: further accelerating efforts by Beijing’s neighbors to partner with the United States and other Indo-Pacific powers.
10752	In doing so, public schools moved education out of the home.
10753	In D’Onofrio played a farmer infested by an alien cockroach.
10754	Indoor public gatherings can be up to 50 or fewer people in public spaces (such as movie theatres etc., but not bars).
10755	Indravardhan always mocks Rosesh’s poetry.
10756	Indy Jazz Fest is committed to ensuring that this music is heard throughout the community and will offer these new virtual concerts to the public free of charge.
10757	In each box comes pre-measured ingredients and spices, making flavourful dishes a breeze to whip up.
10758	In each case the victim paid a deposit for bales but not received any hay.
10759	I nearly completed that mission but failed at the last second and I had tried so many times so I downloaded the save file to get past it.
10760	In early fall 2020, there were several vaccines in phase III trials worldwide.
10761	In early February, Chinese state media reported a case of a newborn in Wuhan who was found to have the virus.
10762	In early February the stock breached the key psychological base level of ₹100 and extended the down-move.
10763	“I need to be where there’s diversity,” said Pat.
10764	“I need to hear what they have to say about the incident.
10765	In effect, it would be a continuation of the sideways trend that has been in place since June of last year.
10766	In elaborating on why, the top U.S. health official said that it is “simply a matter of math.”
10767	In England, for example, we found that more than half the quota is in foreign hands.
10768	In England, the keys were big, ornate, metal things.
10769	In Episode 29, we got a bitter taste of Kai’s attempts at stand-up comedy with scenes of him practicing his “jokes” alone in the playroom — he rattled off swear words while asking why Japanese businessmen don’t kill themselves.
10770	'I never meant to be in an article that called Johnny Depp a 'wife beater'.
10771	I never met him and so how can I order the death of someone I know nothing about?
10772	“I never plan too thoroughly what I’m going to do with a design.
10773	“I never put ‘black’ in it.
10774	In evidence, she told jurors she felt she was shoved her in her back twice, with what felt like two hands.
10775	In exactly the same way, individual members can block the EU from solving any other problem.
10776	In exchange for this, Putin could promise Erdogan not to interfere in the internal affairs of Libya, but to provide such an opportunity to Turkey.
10777	Inexcusably, it has been cruelly manipulated by Conway to slam the president.
10778	In expressing remorse and pleading guilty, the judge said, Boily spared Lemay’s family a trial and also spared the expense of a trial.
10779	Inez Dell Reasoner, 98, of Muncie, a former resident of Montpelier, died Friday, Sept. 18, 2020, at her son’s residence in Muncie.
10780	In fact, 10 of the remaining ‘not likely’ were found to have strong trade ties to these countries.
10781	In fact, as Heron's his child, one has to wonder why he, and no one else, is the Chosen One; the ultimate protege Zeus inevitably wants to pass his mantle down to.
10782	In fact, Beijing might not even be able to land troops.
10783	In fact, doing so is the most critical form of support you could lend him at this time.
10784	In fact, especially as places are starting to open up.
10785	"In fact, even now it's been confirmed, it still feels like a dream.
10786	In fact, fans of may love a film based on the hit franchise.
10787	In fact, forget the blackjack and the vaccine!
10788	“In fact, I have seen that everything is going on well and people are also queuing to get their names into the voters roll.
10789	In fact, it announced a 40W breakthrough in March this year, only to have the Xiaomi Mi 10 Ultra ship with 50W wireless charging.
10790	In fact, it barely paused.
10791	In fact, it was pretty rare.
10792	In fact, none again!
10793	In fact, only the Shan and Karenni (Kayah) states had that right, and it could be exercised ten years after independence, so in 1958, not 1957.
10794	In fact, purpose isn’t something we find at all.
10795	In fact, she said, Barrie had a decent uptake this summer during reopening after the mass shutdown in the spring.
10796	In fact, some malls are operating with skeletal staff as grocery stores and supermarkets operate in them.
10797	“In fact, the GTAW should really be seen not just as a highway but actually as a hugely profitable scheme for land developers, many of whom are closely connected to Ford.”
10798	In fact, the human resources manager mentioned that the section where the accident took place had been closed for the better part of yesterday morning as investigations were still ongoing.
10799	Infact, the last protest held in Abuja was reported to have turned out violent as Pro and Anti Oshiomhole supporters collided in front of the party’s National Secretariat in Abuja.
10800	In fact, the real number was much smaller because many patients were tested multiple times, an error the C.D.C. had to correct in congressional testimony that week.
10801	In fact, these giants predate the entire concept of colored mana, meaning they are all colorless by nature.
10802	In fact, the team led by MS Dhoni has reached the summit crash a record 8 times in 10 seasons.
10803	In fact, the way both are acting you'd think they really aren't that concerned with Coronavirus.
10804	In fact, they can spend a night together as early as his arrival to Haven.
10805	“In fact, they frequently do not leave and they stay for a long period of time, and they may think about it but they don’t do it.”
10806	In fact, they had already done so in their initial message.
10807	In fact, they’ll gain in focus and in money not spent.
10808	In fact, to be able to serve the spike in demand, the Malaysian Rubber Gloves Manufacturers Association (Margma) sought the government’s approval to work at 100 per cent capacity despite the movement control order (MCO).
10809	In fact, Vihari said all three batsmen who made half-centuries in the Indian innings — himself, Prithvi Shaw and Chesteshwar Pujara — got out at the wrong time.
10810	"In fact, what happens is that the European Union is also taking it into consideration.
10811	In fact would thank them for generating thousands of jobs for us through the years, I could make a better life here.”
10812	In fairness, Triple H then sharpies in Michael Cole’s soul patch, which I shouldn’t care for but I do.
10813	Infatuated with comic-book films.
10814	In February 2019, Mr. Zanis found himself making five crosses for his neighbors in Aurora, the Chicago suburb where a former employee at an industrial warehouse fatally shot five workers.
10815	In February experts thought: COVID-19 affects the lungs.
10816	In February, several California lawmakers met at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee headquarters and expressed concern that she was not raising the kind of money needed to win the district.
10817	Infections were also reported in other major cities including Busan, Daejeon, Gwangju and Asan.
10818	In financial understanding, 100 basis point amounts to 1 percent.
10819	Infinite Peripherals empowers businesses to operate more efficiently through next-generation enterprise mobility solutions.
10820	Infinity Ward recently confirmed it would be adjusting the Akimbo 357 Snake Shots and RPGs that have generally been considered overpowered.
10821	Influencer Brian Christopher wears a mask for safety as he spins the reels at Agua Caliente Resort Casino Spa Rancho Mirage on Thursday, Oct. 8, 2020.
10822	In food circles, Karen has been around for much longer.
10823	Information from the Washington Post, November 2, 1922 – 98 years ago.
10824	“Information on the introduction of any new type of banknotes will be shared in the public domain, at the appropriate time,” RBI added.
10825	Information related to discussions is shared on Google Drive or by email.
10826	Infosys added Rs 18,591.83 crore to its valuation that stood at Rs 4,11,554.51 crore while Kotak Mahindra Bank’s m-cap rose by Rs 3,481.72 crore to Rs 2,70,600.52 crore.
10827	In four separate judgments, a seven-man panel, led by Justice Olabode Rhodes-Vivour, held that the appellants failed to prove their cases.
10828	"In Frankfurt, where I come from 100, people were infected at a church one weekend when they were celebrating the easing of the lockdown and elsewhere at a restaurant 20 people were affected in one day," Walsch explained.
10829	In further balloting, four candidates ran for four seats on the Laporte School Board.
10830	In future, farmers might have to look at growing different crops, said Bradshaw.
10831	In Galicia, police accompanied doctors on house visits, and in Murcia youth juntas were created to denounce public health infractions.
10832	In Galwan Valley, which is called Patrolling Point 14, distance between Indian and Chinese troops is three km.
10833	In Game 1 of the 2015 NBA Finals, Irving fractured his left kneecap.
10834	In general, animals that are closely related to each other have similar gut microbiomes, because they evolved together—a pattern referred to by scientists as phylosymbiosis.
10835	In general, unless you need a telephoto zoom or a more powerful digital zoom, the iPhone SE should satisfy most of your photographic needs despite having only one rear camera.
10836	Ingenuity will be the first helicopter to fly on Mars(CNN)When NASA's Perseverance rover launches at the end of this month, an experiment named Ingenuity will be safely tucked beneath the rover for the seven-month.
10837	In Georgia, three people in three separate counties were confirmed to have the virus, doubling the state’s positive cases.
10838	Ingevity had a net margin of 13.89% and a return on equity of 36.42%.
10839	Ingram now faces aggravated battery on a person over the age of 65 and kidnapping, police said.
10840	In half that time, the known death toll is now believed to have doubled.
10841	In hard-hit countries like Lebanon, where an Aug. 4 explosion compounded the impact of a financial crisis and COVID-19, the number of unemployed women in June 2020 was up 63% compared with figures from 2018 and 2019, according to UN Women.
10842	In health care alone, Japan expects a shortfall of 380,000 workers by 2025.
10843	In her book, she wrote about a friend who later told her that Ms. Risher and her family hadn’t been invited to the circus because the friend was afraid they would want to sit in expensive front-row seats.
10844	In her Budget speech of 2020-21, Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said, “Listing of companies on stock exchanges disciplines the companies and provides access to financial markets and unlocks its value.
10845	In her current role with the Giants, Nakken develops, produces and directs a number of the organization’s health and wellness initiatives and events.
10846	In her initial Instagram post, she wrote: 'I want to tell one very personal and very hard story for me that I have already experienced and left in the past.
10847	In her pause, Will offered an explanation.
10848	In highly informalised economies, painful decisions have had to be made between survival that is feeding the family or agree to a lockdown.
10849	In hindsight, we can celebrate the willingness and determination shown by many to act on the potential threat.
10850	In his 10 seasons, the Polars have gone from an unstable program to a football juggernaut.
10851	In his address, delivered as thousands of demonstrators marched on government office buildings, the prime minister urged them to resolve their differences through a mediation by Parliament.
10852	In his attempts to flick the ball off his head, his execution was nothing to write home about and he turned to dribbling himself in the process.
10853	In his brief remarks after receiving the award, Selorm Adadevoh expressed his appreciation to his fellow leaders and the MTN Group for the recognition and honor.
10854	In his call for Congress to grant Austin a waiver, Biden : “Given the immense and urgent threats and challenges our nation faces, he should be confirmed swiftly.”
10855	In his court everyone regardless of their color and country of origin is treated with kindness, consideration, and dignity.
10856	In his currently ongoing series by Vita Ayala and Marcelo Ferreira, Morbius has continued his efforts to deal with his vampiric affliction with ghastly results that even drew the attention of Spider-Man.
10857	In his daily briefing on Thursday, President Trump declared “the next front in our war – opening up America again”.
10858	In his daily news conference on Thursday morning, Trudeau said the unprotected border has benefited both countries for decades.
10859	In his development of the study, Kisida felt it was important he never read the script or saw the play.
10860	In his Facebook, Sotto shared that recalled the promises he had made to his constituents when he as Pasig’s mayor on June 30, 2019.
10861	In his last 16 starts of the year, he missed seven cuts and had one top-30 finish—at the Masters (T-18), where he could probably make the cut playing right-handed.
10862	In his last three games, Henry is averaging 6.65 yards per carry.
10863	In his letter dated February 13, Mr Bwanya said on September 14, 2018 payment of $596 037 to the Central Mechanical Equipment Department (CMED) for 11 vehicles was made, without procurement authority.
10864	In his letter Saturday, Home Secretary Bhalla drew the attention of the states to para 5 of the July 29 guidelines for Unlock-3 which makes clear that “there shall be no restriction on inter-State and intra-State movement of persons and goods.
10865	In his mother’s words, Tic finds the courage to be the bridge between the past and the future.
10866	In his new video, the rapper begins by stating: ”Two wrongs don’t make no right.
10867	In his place, Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp handed Kelleher his Champions League debut.
10868	In his remarks, Mr Abhay Thakur, the High Commissioner of India to Nigeria, said as part of India’s ongoing collaboration with African countries to combat COVID-19 pandemic, had decided to donate some items to Nigeria.
10869	In his ruling released Thursday, Federal Court Justice Patrick Gleeson found the spy service breached its duty of candour to the court, part of a troubling pattern dating back years.
10870	In his second season at the University of Utah, sophomore Timmy Allen has stepped up to become a leader.
10871	In his speech in October, Morrison said that stability and prosperity since the second world war has rested on “the principled actions of nation states, most often led by the United States, binding together the liberal democracies of the western world”.
10872	In his speech, the Edo State Chairman of the Nigerian Legion, Col. Sunny Eboigbe (rtd) commended the governor for supporting the Nigerian Legion while assuring him of their unflinching support and solidarity to engender good governance.
10873	In his statement, he said there were lights on and sunlight coming through windows and he had "an excellent view of Ms Heard's face".
10874	In his talk, Zaes described what he called the “human and machine coexistence,” bands with both real musicians and drum machines.
10875	In his teenage years Murt and other members of the Treacy family played football with Emo and helped them win a famous minor championship in 1964 beating Portlaoise in the semi-final, then Graiguecullen in the final.
10876	In his time as either Mike Petke’s quick replacement or interim head coach, he proved that he can fill in on a short-term basis and get results.
10877	In his welcome address to the visiting legislators, Group Managing Director of the Corporation, Mallam Mele Kyari, expressed gratitude to the Committee for its continued support to the Corporation.
10878	In Hollywood, it was an open secret that George Cukor was gay.
10879	In honor of Ms. de Havilland’s long career in entertainment, we’re republishing a piece from earlier this summer reflecting on the film’s unexpected Jewish resonances.
10880	In honor of the 1 year anniversary of Avengers: Endgame, re-watch the film along with us TOMORROW (4/27) starting at 4pmPT/7pmET.
10881	In-hua Kim, who still has some contact with those in her hometown, Hyesan, shares what she has heard and her own thoughts on the situation.
10882	In Huanggang, public transportation and departing trains stopped at midnight.
10883	In “Imaginary Friends” (1967) Lurie has one social scientist confess candidly, “We think we’re exempt from ordinary moral law too: when we mess around with people’s lives, either we aren’t really doing it, or it somehow doesn’t count.”
10884	In Iowa, Republican Gov. Kim Reynolds has moved to partially reopen 77 of the state’s 99 counties on May 1, and the state government that any employee not returning to work because of the pandemic will be cut off from state unemployment benefits.
10885	In Iringa, CCM had won four out of seven constituencies while in Mbeya the ruling party had registered victory in five legislative seats out of eight.
10886	In Italy, an atmosphere of fear and anxiety among prison inmates over the virus, together with an emergency ban on visitors, sparked deadly riots, escapes and a complete breakdown of authority.
10887	In it, a woman (Merritt Wever, from Unbelievable) with a boring suburban life drops everything for a pact she made with her college boyfriend (Domhnall Gleeson, from About Time).
10888	In it, he quoted Roberto Bolaño on the “two opposite types” of people you meet late at night: “those running out of time and those with time to burn.”
10889	Initially, it was a bio-driven business.”
10890	“Initially the message from the various federal, state and local authorities on the topic was somewhat inconsistent, with health experts warning of the risks, but political leaders downplaying the risk and level of concern.
10891	Initially the testing services will be available to all airport and airline employees, including contractors, concessionaires and their employees, plus TSA officers, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents.
10892	In its 2017 Budget, the government had brought down the tax rate from 10 per cent to 5 per cent on income in the slab of Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 5 lakh.
10893	In its bid to get rid of coins, the company even approached toll operators but to no avail.
10894	In its financial audit report, Blue Star said that the fourth quarter also started on track; however, the rapid spread of the COVID-19 pandemic across the globe resulted in significant demand and supply chain disruptions across India in March.
10895	In it, she stood at a slight angle with one hand on her hip.
10896	In its ‘Labour Force Statistics: Unemployment and Underemployment Report’ released on Friday morning, the agency also said underemployment increased from 20.1 per cent in Q3 2018 to 28.6 per cent in Q2 2020.
10897	In its monthly economic report for March, the government dropped its assessment that the nation's economy was "recovering at a moderate pace" and said it was in a "severe situation," sharply depressed by the pandemic.
10898	In its most basic format, players try to make a shot of their choice.
10899	In its recent trade deal with the U.S., Beijing agreed to remove barriers and help U.S. banks, credit-card companies and other financial-services providers to enter its markets and do more business within its borders.
10900	In its written comments, Dataminr stated that “First Alert does not identify indicators of violent gang association or identify whether an event is a crime.”
10901	In its written ruling, the court said the board’s reliance on air quality standards “led it to dismiss (environmental justice) concerns.”
10902	In it you’ll find a Canon EOS M50 camera, a 15-45mm lens, tripod, 2GB SD card and an additional battery.
10903	In Jakarta today, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo urged Indonesians to take a firm stance against China’s detention of mostly Muslim Uighurs in the Xinjiang region, the Wall Street Journal.
10904	In January, a new committee was formed in an attempt to create a definition that everyone would accept, but it made little progress.
10905	Injected with the trial vaccine or a placebo, they are the ultimate test of the efficacy and safety of any vaccine candidate.
10906	In Jodhpur South, which also has 80 seats, BJP crossed the majority mark with 43 seats while Congress had to contend with 29.
10907	In July 2020, Demi Lovato labelled herself as queer in a social media statement mourning the death of Glee co-star Naya Rivera ().
10908	In July last year, the bus fares across all categories were increased in Odisha.
10909	In Jump Club, players can jump over the spinning bars easier if they slow down and check on their timing.
10910	In June, scientists with the University of Warwick unveiled a new sun clock that can better calculate the switch on and off times of the sun.
10911	In June, Thiago Alcântara had shown up at Bayern Munich’s offices to sign an extension with a club photographer present.
10912	“In Just Mercy, Jamie Foxx gives a moving and truly remarkable performance as Walter McMillian, a man sentenced to death for a murder, for which he was wrongly convicted,” said festival chairman, Harold Matzner.
10913	In just one year, it has scaled to 22 states, 90 commodities, and $150 million in annualised GMV.
10914	In Kaua’i County, it is free for residents, but there is a $150 charge for visitors, with that offset by a gift certificate for that amount valid at certain restaurants and attractions.
10915	Ink (CURRENCY:INK) traded 22.6% lower against the US dollar during the 1 day period ending at 23:00 PM Eastern on October 12th.
10916	In keeping with the neck-snapping pace of the news these days, several breaking stories happened all at once Monday morning.
10917	In keeping with this tradition, the AbbyPD is pleased to announce that our vintage cruiser will be named after recently retired Abbotsford Police Inspector Carol Powell.
10918	In-kind donations may be dropped off at 4434A A2, Albina St., Sta.
10919	In Labrador, they were sometimes even used on sled teams.
10920	“In large trials illnesses will happen by chance but must be independently reviewed to check this carefully,” the spokesperson said.
10921	In last week's briefing, Mr Pughsley reminded the public to stick to lockdown rest rictions, as Boris Johnson announced a "downward slope" in the ongoing coronavirus pandemic.
10922	In L.A.’s West Adams neighborhood, which has struggled for decades to attract grocers and retailers, the project is viewed as transformational.
10923	“In late August, the national health authorities asked laboratories to prioritise based on whether or not people are feeling sick or have interacted with a Covid case,” says Nguyen.
10924	In late February 2020, Hawaii media reported on the recent discovery of two bombs on the north flank of Mauna Loa, but details were lacking.
10925	In late July, Turkey announced plans to dispatch research vessel Oruç Reis and two support vessels to carry out operations from Aug. 2 in waters south of the Greek islands of Rhodes, Karpathos, and Kastellorizo.
10926	In launching the petition, Rudd decried the group as a "cancer on our democracy" that operated an effective "monopoly" over Australia's press.
10927	In Leicester case, they had one testing station for 3mths – then opened an additional 7 centres in 10 days and they got a SPIKE. strange that.
10928	In light of this, we're launching a throwback Doodle series looking back at some of our popular interactive Google Doodle games," Google said.
10929	In little over two months, the industry’s prospects in much of the world have taken a dramatic turn for the worse,” Alexandre de Juniac, IATA’s chief executive, said in a statement.
10930	In loving memory of Jason John Shawanibin, Shpi ming zhinoogeh, April 23, 1972 to February 16, 2020.
10931	In Lubbock, lines of often still flow from the city's bars and restaurants, said Dr. Ron Cook, the city's health authority.
10932	In Lummi’s language, the word for killer whale “qwe’lhol’mechen,” means “our relatives who live under the sea.”
10933	In many cases they are denied medical aid.”
10934	In many cases, you’ll see more of their natural behaviors if you don’t touch them at all.
10935	In many cities, dollar stores have forced local retailers out of business.
10936	In many fields of business, particularly the worlds of finance and consulting, this dress code calls for a suit.
10937	In), many of my friends have become increasingly frustrated by how difficult dating is, especially after 30 while I count myself lucky that I haven’t been on the market for several years (I swear I’m not rubbing it.
10938	In many respects Midway really is a distinct economic market from O’Hare Airport in a metropolitan area of 9.5 million people, the third-biggest conglomeration of people in the nation.
10939	In March 2020, the country’s petroleum product consumption fell 17.79 per cent to 16.08 million tonnes.
10940	In March, Cousins signed a two-year contract extension with the Vikings worth $66 million.
10941	In March, he expressed hope that the state government “will instruct the local authorities to do this redressal act immediately” by reinstalling the crosses.
10942	In March of this year, Laois couple Niall and Aisling Donoher launched an online campaign to raise €2 million needed for their one-year-old son, Dan, to receive life-saving treatment.
10943	In March, Trump signed the requiring Washington to advocate Taiwan’s inclusion in international bodies like the WHO, a move poised to further destabilize U.S.-China relations.
10944	In March with only a few days notice, businesses were ordered to shut down and work from home indefinitely.
10945	In May 2015, the Union Cabinet announced that November 26 will be observed as Constitution Day to promote “constitutional values amongst citizens”.
10946	In May 2019, the FCT Administration demolished the popular Caramelo Strip club.
10947	In May and June, even though the country was locked down and in chaos, there was a cause for optimism on Tyneside.
10948	In May, Chinese lawmakers introduced a new Civil Code, to come into effect on 1 January, 2021.
10949	In May, he dropped his Kid Cudi collaboration which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100.
10950	In May, the couple told CNN they felt compelled to “provide something for society,” given the work they had done in their field over the last two decades.
10951	In May this year, feeling the pressure of diminished returns from crude oil sales, the Federal Government was forced to review the 2020 budget downwards from N10.59 trillion to N10.51 trillion.
10952	In med school, then after an injury & illness & actually living in the hospital for months recovering – I learned how Hospital Staff becomes a family, that can become disfunctional.
10953	In messages to the 15-year-old Findlay asked to see her “pretty” face and sent vile sexual comments.
10954	In Minneapolis, the city where the protests began, police, state troopers and National Guard members moved in soon after an 8 p.m. curfew took effect Saturday to break up demonstrations.
10955	In most cases, prospects also will speak with reporters two days before their on-field testing.
10956	"In moving to San Francisco, my intention was to be around more people who thought similarly like myself in the LGBTQ+ community," he goes on.
10957	In my case, this was assessing hundreds of bits of different content that had been flagged by Facebook users as questionable.
10958	In my humble opinion Democracy is just another good sounding idea being thrown around; just like religion and Sunday worshipers.
10959	In my mind, those are the fallacies that we are living with.”
10960	In my opinion, the best president America ever had was Obama.
10961	InnerSloth developers know they must build on their success and keep players engaged.
10962	In New Jersey, Gov. Philip D. Murphy, a Democrat, is giving districts the option to offer all-virtual classes when school resumes next month, relaxing his original requirement that teachers provide some form of in-person classroom instruction.
10963	In New Orleans, one of the cities renowned for its flamboyant festivities, Mardi Gras celebrations actually being on Twelfth, when Christmas officially ends.
10964	In New York, he noted, the company already has five battery storage projects in New York City, including the just-commissioned 4 MW/16MWh Gateway Shopping Center in Brooklyn and the recently inaugurated TWA hotel microgrid complex at JFK airport.
10965	In New Zealand, Jadhav’s technical frailties could be exposed and his lack of overs in recent times makes him a case for exclusion.
10966	In New Zealand they had also been able to go canoeing with an old friend from Wellington.
10967	“In Nigeria, newborns will be screened at different sites in Abuja and Kaduna.
10968	In November 1969, the charismatic Egyptian leader pressured the Lebanese government to the PLO to use Lebanon as a launching pad for terrorist attacks against Israel.
10969	In November 2018, a 4.5 magnitude earthquake — believed to be caused by fracking — was felt at the Site C Dam construction site which led to a brief work stoppage and inspection to ensure there was no damage.
10970	In November 2018 at Fortier’s sentencing hearing, numerous former campers at Circle R Ranch provided statements describing years of sexual assaults and rapes by the former camp counselor.
10971	In November 2019, during a speech at the Fast Company Innovation Festival, he started a conversation on his plan to run for president.
10972	In November 2019, he was sentenced to 12 years in a high-security penal colony on charges of participation in the Hizb ut-Tahrir movement, an Islamist group banned as “terrorist” in Russia but operating freely in Ukraine.
10973	In October 1943, Gilby helped set up the 70th General hospital in tents near Oran in Northern Africa.
10974	In October 2013 the MV Rhosus, a ship sailing under the Moldovan flag, headed from Georgia to Mozambique carrying a huge supply of ammonium nitrate, a volatile chemical commonly used in fertilizers.
10975	“In October 2019, Nigerian local non-bank participants were restricted from participating in CBN auctions, which subsequently resulted in a larger portion of CBN bills being held by non-residents (estimated at about $12 billion or one-third of reserves).
10976	In October, Amazon wrote to Sebi and stock exchanges, urging them to take into consideration the interim judgement while reviewing the proposed transaction, a move challenged by Future Retail before Delhi High Court in November.
10977	In October, Craft announced his intentions to retire from professional basketball following the Lega Serie A season in order to begin medical school and train to become a doctor.
10978	In October they even rose – posting a marginal but technically significant 0.4 per cent increase.
10979	In Ogun State today, many are anxiously waiting to see whether or not Daniel will agree to fill the leadership position vacated by Kashamu.
10980	In one daring effort, Hushpuppie planned to cyber-rob an English Premier League club.
10981	In one instance, a funder had sent a grant twice by mistake and the group had returned the duplicate amount.
10982	In one message to O9A members, Private Melzer said his “military training” and “links to other groups” could be useful to them, according to the indictment.
10983	In one of the biggest scandals to face the Australian military in years, it was alleged that some elite soldiers within the SAS committed war crimes in Afghanistan.
10984	In one photo, she was seen hugging her daughter as another snap featured her and Ahlamalik sitting inside a bus with the locals.
10985	In one project for NASA, Schneider and her students worked with a vendor to help mature its processing of printing a single part from copper and Inconel, a nickel-based superalloy.
10986	In one recurring situation, victims said they were approached by a woman who makes physical contact with a handshake or a hug.
10987	In one sense the solution to an Election Day calamity is complex and many-pronged: election officials trained, new technology acquired, voters educated down to the letter about protocols around complex absentee ballots.
10988	In one video, coach Shendzelani and Karunes’ daughter Shriya practise their goal scoring and soccer tricks.
10989	• In Orange County prices hit third consecutive record at $755,000.
10990	“In order for us to effectively help, relevant agencies must continue to record and share the data between one another.
10991	In order to erase Biden’s advantage, Trump, a Republican, would have to overtake the Democrat’s lead in at least three of the competitive swing states.
10992	In order to obtain insurance coverage for a DME, you must have it formally prescribed by a medical provider (e.g., the hospital, the medical specialist treating the condition, or your primary care physician) who deals with and accepts Medicare.
10993	In order to protect the health of volunteers, visitors and patrons, all CHSM public events are on hold until further notice.
10994	In order to register to vote in Maine, people must be a citizen of the United States and at least 18 years of age on the day of the general election.
10995	In order to secure his supposedly crushing victory, Lukashenko required what appears to be some of the most brazen vote-rigging in recent European history.
10996	In other Apple news, insider Chris Kondo sold 14,840 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, October 16th.
10997	In other business, Kehoe said that the floodplain ordinance must be adopted by Aug. 5 or FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) won’t honor flood insurance for the community.
10998	In other Coherus Biosciences news, COO Vincent R. Anicetti sold 5,150 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 20th.
10999	In other jurisdictions, court pronouncements have also helped to recast the structure and mechanisms of federations.”
11000	In other Maxim Integrated Products news, SVP Edwin Medlin sold 12,830 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, August 4th.
11001	In other news, Director Cynthia M. Friend sold 1,800 shares of Bruker stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 22nd.
11002	In other news, insider Gregory N. Dudkin sold 10,872 shares of PPL stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 18th.
11003	In other news, insider Samuel A. Calagione III sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 28th.
11004	In other news, SVP Michael Tang sold 2,222 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 9th.
11005	In other news, Tik Toc user creates content in order to generate clicks.
11006	In other NVIDIA news, CEO Jen Hsun Huang sold 49,999 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, September 1st.
11007	In other precincts, viable candidates lost votes from the first alignment tally to the final, which is also inconsistent with party rules.
11008	In other words, analytics maturity is not simply about having some technology in place; it involves technologies, resources, data management, governance, and organizational components.
11009	In other words: everyone met each other halfway and what came out of their collaboration was a lucid dream where all parties involved know they are under a spell of their own devising.
11010	In other words, focus on the insurance consumer experience for 2020 and beyond.
11011	In other words, if you eliminated every county that used Dominion systems, Biden still got more votes.
11012	“In other words,” Levin told Cruz, “they’re going to burn down our constitutional system.
11013	In other words, Murphy is behind a lot of big hits and popular TV shows.
11014	In other words, right now Microsoft is still positioning the latest installment in the series as a cross-generation Xbox Series X launch game.
11015	In other words, the mild but continuous deflation of prices, which is the principal feature of sound money, removes a financial burden from the state, leaving it with minimal negative economic impact.
11016	In other words, they die earlier.
11017	In other words, use grammar editing tools, writing workshops, and guides to help improve your business writing skills.
11018	I noticed Merce looking around cautiously as if making sure there were no eavesdroppers.
11019	I not only want to support our students but our councillors as well.
11020	In our hands-on we wished that the browse section was the default page, not trending, and we also preferred Hulu's fast-forward and rewind.
11021	In our previous blog, “How the Chinese Equity Market Responded to the Domestic and Global Coronavirus Outbreak,” we looked into how industries reacted differently during recent market declines and rallies.
11022	I now realise that the key to understanding soon-to-be Saint Charles de Foucauld is St Anthony Abbot and the Christian tradition of flight from the world.
11023	“In particular I am grateful for the understanding of the businesses that were required to close in order to help beat the virus.
11024	In particular, the Epidemic Response Committee has met for several hours each week to hear from Ministers, officials and experts about the Government’s response to the epidemic.
11025	In particular, the taking over of the Buriticá Gold Mine in Colombia was smooth and the project commenced production; the contribution from Norton, Hunchun Zijin and Guizhou Zijin increased.
11026	In particular, this news release contains forward-looking information regarding: the filing of the Documents, including the timing for the filing of the Documents.
11027	In partnership with the Ohio Department of Medicaid, Director Criss announced emergency orders that reduce restrictions on telehealth, ensuring that every Ohioan has access to behavioral health Care via telehealth services by landline or cell phone.
11028	In past elections, white voters have been more likely to be registered to vote, and to turn out to vote, than other racial or ethnic groups.
11029	In perhaps the biggest upset to the entire US Presidential campaign, President Donald Trump and his wife have tested positive to COVID-19.
11030	In-person classes for Lay Pastoral and Special Studies students at the main campus and satellite campuses will be cancelled starting Saturday, March 14 until Monday, April 20. Students will receive remote instruction during this time.
11031	In-person voting hours are from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday.
11032	In Philadelphia — the biggest city in Pennsylvania, a crucial state — only 76,000 of more than 350,000 mail ballots had been counted by 9 p.m. Officials pledged to work around the clock, but the process was likely to extend well into Wednesday or later.
11033	In Phoenix, AZ, the team of Lamber and Goodnow has been fighting for the rights of the local citizens from day one.
11034	In pic: Images are seen in a thermographic imaging device to check the temperatures of arriving passengers at a quarantine station.
11035	In Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC), 488 new COVID-19 cases were registered on Friday and the total count rose to 6,549.
11036	In poll after poll, a majority of Americans do not support those ideas.
11037	In practice, it means passengers who aren’t a resident or don’t have a reservation may have to wait for multiple sailings.
11038	In practice, that would mean either the season is declared finished and the current league positions are used for deciding the outcomes, including promotion and relegation, or some calculation is used, probably based on points per game played.
11039	In praising the strategy, industry stakeholders, such as the Ontario Forest Industries Association (OFIA), said the pandemic underscored how essential the industry is providing much-needed consumer goods and medical supplies.
11040	In preparing for hosting “Blue’s Clues & You!
11041	In previous conversations with the village, Pruitt-Adams said the school will be reimbursed SRO costs for half of March, April and May, as the school building has been closed due to COVID-19.
11042	In professional sports, it is not unusual for athletes to receive pain-killing injections.
11043	In Puerto Rico, it’s just government taking the lead and dragging the sports organizations along.
11044	In Q4 2019, GAAP net income was $111 million, down 13% sequentially from $128 million, but up 61% from $69 million year-earlier.
11045	″In reality, however, no fewer than eight sheriff’s deputies were at the scene snapping cell-phone photos of the dead children, parents, and coaches,″ the document said.
11046	In reality, it’s work ethic, talent, experience and business sense that make our livelihoods sustainable.
11047	In reality, the Sahara affair was over months before the Falklands imbroglio began.
11048	In recent days, Gov. Roy Cooper has drawn attention to the disproportionate impact of the illness on minority ethnic groups.
11049	In recent interviews, the American soccer player Crystal Dunn expressed the joy and fear she felt when her teammate Megan Rapinoe decided to take a knee against police brutality and racism in 2016.
11050	In recent years, there have been efforts to reinvest in the area.
11051	In recognition of the scale of the threat, the US Senate late Wednesday (early Thursday in Manila) passed an unparalleled $2.2-trillion economic rescue package steering aid to businesses, workers and health care systems.
11052	In refusing to extend time, Phillips J also took into account that the grounds had no merit, for reasons he explained.
11053	In related news, CEO Thomas Deitrich sold 2,691 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, September 22nd.
11054	In related news, EVP Yousef A. Valine sold 28,249 shares of First Horizon National stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 5th.
11055	In related news, SVP Thomas Garcia sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, July 23rd.
11056	In responding to the late service of the processes, Mr Kpebu said the Attorney General responded to the first affidavit on Friday, January 3, and also responded on Wednesday, January 8, after the Constitutional Day holiday.
11057	In response, Al-Khelaifi said he was "pleased that all charges of bribery in connection with the 2026 and 2030 World Cups have been dropped".
11058	In response, Johnson said he was “very sorry” to receive her resignation and praised her “passion and commitment” to her work over the years.
11059	In response, Lt. Gen. Doni Monardo of the Indonesian army, who heads the national coronavirus task force, called on local officials to ban any events that would draw crowds in violation of health protocols.
11060	In response to Alexander and others, Democrat Rep. Zoe Lofgren of California, a congressional staffer during Watergate and now a House prosecutor, told the senators that the Nixon impeachment also started as a partisan inquiry.
11061	In response to that, your domestic violence lawyer could attempt to show what the supposed victim claims is entirely fabricated.
11062	In response to the Press Council recommendations, Kumparan on February 11 took down the stories from the internet, apologized to the Jhonlin Group, and later terminated its collaboration with Banjar Hits.
11063	In Rifle, Colorado, where she has lived since the early 2000s, Boebert owns the Shooters Grill, where waitresses in tight flannel shirts and denim serve burgers and steaks with loaded handguns strapped to their hips or thighs.
11064	In Rome, that was far from the case: Caesar left office legitimized, emboldened and—even in his absence—an ever-present force in the political landscape of Republican Rome.
11065	In Saugus, Jeremy Martin received a ballot from the Baltimore, Md., elections department addressed to his single-family residence but for someone who doesn’t live there.
11066	In scenes set to air later this year, Sharon will discover the truth of what happened that night.
11067	In season 4, Michael is portrayed by takes some liberties with the story of Michael’s break-in, so has rounded up the key 5 facts about what went down.
11068	In Sector 11, dhaba owners opened but police officers asked them to down the shutters as they said dhabas were not in the category of restaurants and only restaurants were allowed to do home delivery.
11069	Insecurity should be resolved so as to provide ensure that farmers can safely go about their business.
11070	In Senior women’s category, Sumaira won the gold medal, Khushboo the silver while Simran got the bronze medal.
11071	In September 2018, we were finally able to bring in two French technological devices that work without GPS; this was necessary because firms had been ordered to cut their signals to aid the fight against the IS group.
11072	In September 2018, we were selected by the USAF to build the next generation training capability, known as T-7A Red Hawk (formerly T-X Trainer).
11073	In September, he lent the vehicle to the Petersen Automotive Museum in Los Angeles for an exhibition called “Supercars: A Century of Spectacle and Speed.”
11074	In September, Kīngi Tūheitia announced mana whenua had reached a consensus: they wanted the land, originally confiscated by the Crown in 1863, returned and wanted the Government to negotiate with Fletcher Building.
11075	In September, Scopely deepened its partnership with ViacomCBS to bring the entire Star Trek film and TV universe to its Star Trek: Fleet Command game.
11076	In September, the New York State comptroller one-third to one-half of the 24,000 restaurants in the city could close permanently over the next six months.
11077	In September, University President Morton Schapiro insufficient on-campus rooms and a lack of quarantine beds as reasons why the administration flipped their decision on fall housing.
11078	In sharp contrast, Churchill had an almost Cassandra-like ability to accurately predict the next move of his enemy (i.e., Hitler) throughout the decade of appeasement during the 1930s.
11079	In short, he’s always available.
11080	In short, it’s a way to work on something together as a group that will make you all laugh.
11081	In short, total connectivity to meet today’s demands.
11082	Inside one of the new Te One Pl homes.
11083	Insiders have sold 23,577 shares of company stock valued at $6,810,430 in the last ninety days.
11084	Insiders have sold a total of 41,326 shares of company stock worth $4,441,498 over the last three months.
11085	Insiders sold a total of 50,429 shares of company stock valued at $9,443,584 in the last quarter.
11086	Inside the restaurant, one man we approached was instantly concerned.
11087	Inside the tent will be the completed outfit.
11088	Insight Chain (INB) traded 0.3% higher against the dollar and now trades at $1.01 or 0.00009398 BTC.
11089	“In Silicon Valley, let’s say that you have to pay $20 an hour to a forklift operator,” Katz continued.
11090	INSKEEP: If they're deported, though, there's at least a record of where they went.
11091	Inslee also said he’s asked Pence to remove a rule that is blocking the University of Washington from evaluating test kits provided by the federal government.
11092	“(Inslee) saw, in my opinion, that people weren’t just going to take this and stay quiet.”
11093	Inslee’s stay-at-home order runs through May 31.
11094	In some cases, once the first deposit was sent, Osborne would text to say that she needed more money to help pay for the animal's vet bills — and unsuspecting buyers would send more cash electronically.
11095	In some cases, the gamble pays offs, just like in the case of & other great ensemble cast movies.
11096	In some cases, users reported Airbnb hosts threatening them physically as a means to scare them into a positive review.
11097	In some cases, we’ve been powering town halls, including Joey’s town hall that he does with IAC and with other companies.
11098	In some cases, when you do the math, an individual can make more money laid off than going to work.
11099	In some developing countries, the Silicon Valley company’s influence is outsized because smartphone users looking for cheap digital packages rely on its products as their sole source of information online.
11100	In some personal injury cases, it isn’t always immediately clear who was at fault for the accident.
11101	In some respects it now begins anew."
11102	In some sense, Kaburagi's sacrifice helps to change the nature of the cyborg's game without destroying their place with humanity.
11103	In some ways, Parrott says, the chance for a reset has been a gift.
11104	In some ways, Robinhood reflects how Silicon Valley mastered the art of manufacturing behavioral loops, encouraging an app user to log back in one more time or spend one more minute engaged.
11105	In some ways they are as pivotal to the live experience as the players themselves.
11106	"In some ways we’re kind of like victims of our own success.
11107	In Southern California, firefighters were struggling Tuesday to contain a wildfire in the San Bernardino Mountains 80 miles east of Los Angeles.
11108	Inspect for aquatic invasive species more thoroughly.
11109	Inspector Andrew Wilson of Elgin Police Station said: “This incident was contained to the single property and nobody was injured.
11110	Inspector Kabir (Amit Sadh) from Crime Branch is investigating these murders.
11111	Inspect the walls to find them, and you’ll see the Roman numerals “X” and “II.”
11112	“Inspiration can be key in a workspace or homework hub.
11113	Inspired by the vision and timely need behind the outdoor theatre, Driscoll has graciously sponsored the Rose Theatre project in memory of her grandmother, Dorcas Crosby Homes, who attended Mary Baldwin when it was a seminary for educating young women.
11114	In spite of all the work carried out in this regard, this problem can only be solved through a holistic approach, Birdlife said.
11115	In spite of being in the Galaxy Watch bloodline and sharing similar DNA; Galaxy Watch 3 is likely to be pretty much the same as Galaxy Watch Active 2 in the fitness and health tracking prowess.
11116	Instability is our great challenge.
11117	Instacart Founder and CEO Apoorva Mehta said the company hopes to provide "flexible earnings opportunities during this time" to those urged to stay home.
11118	“Instagram Vs Reality,” the caption read.
11119	In St Andrew West Central, JLP businessman Ferdinand Yap defeated trade unionist Carl Thompson of the People’s National Party (PNP) by 2,864 votes to give the JLP its first hold on the seat.
11120	Instaurare in Christo: CWN: Iranian president sends Christmas greetings to Pope Francis (Fars News Agency) https://t.
11121	Instead, backup QB John Wolford will start, the team announced Monday evening.
11122	Instead, book a snorkel or dive charter to swim and enjoy the beauty of Florida’s offshore reefs.
11123	“Instead, do something that brings you joy.”
11124	Instead, Florida only reports numbers of cases statewide and by county.
11125	Instead, Guyanese have to be engaged in appropriate sustainable endeavours, which build human and physical capacity while ensuring equitable social engagement and environmentally sound activities.
11126	Instead, he chose the morally upright path and channeled his father instincts.
11127	Instead, He died for our sins and then offers forgiveness no matter the transgression, from the smallest of mistakes to the evillest act. God knows that our humanity is burdensome, but gives us the opportunity to lift that burden every day with His help.
11128	Instead, he has begun accepting applications for Fernando Jones’ Blues Camp International Online.
11129	Instead, he remained in Brooklyn, spending his time learning Spanish, taking up cooking (his favorite is fried chicken), and reading (currently “Chop Wood Carry Water,” courtesy of interim Jacque Vaughn.
11130	Instead he said, “When a friend makes a mistake, the friend remains a friend and the mistake remains a mistake.”
11131	Instead, he saw the parrots and the guests brutally cursing each other out.
11132	Instead, he was given uninspired motivations and ended up coming across as not much more than a fascinating diversion and a means for Kylo Ren's character development.
11133	Instead, he went to Strathclyde University to study accountancy.
11134	Instead, in the tomb was a young man with the greatest news of all times: “Do not be amazed; you are looking for Jesus the Nazarene, who was crucified.
11135	Instead, invest your time organizing your community, registering new voters and supporting candidates who reflect progressive values that uplift everyone, not just those who wear MAGA hats, in local and state elections.
11136	Instead, it became preoccupied with asking too many new ones.
11137	Instead, it placed a cap on the number of inmate beds — effectively limiting the size of the jail — at 1,438.
11138	Instead, it’s gotten an agent.
11139	Instead, it was just a job, for which I received $40.80.
11140	Instead, much of the budget was spent lining the pockets of middlemen and ‘fake farmers’, the World Bank’s own investigation found.
11141	Instead, none of this was even mentioned, hence our votes crashing down, as we used to win votes as the best opposition to the Conservatives, but are now seen by many as a version of the old Conservative Party that differs only by opposing Brexit.
11142	Instead of a fireworks show, the Pacific Palisades will be hosting a virtual concert starting at 8 p.m. Saturday.
11143	Instead of a typical session ending with the girls making it home in time for dinner, B-E players grasped onto every second they could spend on the court.
11144	Instead of being a professional in discovering the problems and pointing them out to others, we can join in with our neighbours to make repairs.
11145	Instead of being charged with rape, Mr. Lockett was released from jail in July and the authorities said he attacked three more women over two weeks before he was caught.
11146	Instead of declining to bring up 4th-and-1, Doug Pederson opted to set up 3rd-and-13.
11147	Instead of easing sanctions, he should ramp them up periodically—ideally with the EU in lockstep—and make clear that such measures will continue until Putin changes his behavior.
11148	Instead of face masks and anti-bacterial hand gels, Gunnsion relied on the guidance and authority of local newspapers, doctors and police – a trust in institutions that may now seem quaint – and on people’s capacity for patience.
11149	Instead of heightening tensions between India, Pakistan and China, the US should be helping calm India’s ethnic riots and promoting a fair settlement over the Kashmir dispute that has dragged on since 1947.
11150	Instead of making appearances at events and greeting large crowds, Prince William and Kate supported the Poppy Appeal – the annual fundraising effort for the UK Armed Forces community – baked poppy cupcakes with their kids.
11151	Instead of managing crises, we must prepare for them by integrating knowledge and skills from across the world.
11152	Instead of providing validation, it was nothing more than another soul-crushing defeat at the end of a promising season, one more gut punch in a Clay Helton era filled with them.
11153	Instead of receiving gifts, Sydney Coney wanted to give to others.
11154	Instead of saying "the queen" try saying that they have to run the choices they make as adults past his grandmother.
11155	Instead of the government taking a percentage of whatever we produce….how about we just let it keep whatever it produces?
11156	Instead of throwing it away, save the shell, and use it to ward off pests, too.
11157	Instead of using the right stick to activate different moves you’ve just got some generic light and heavy attacks, and a few character specific special moves.
11158	Instead of waiting outside, Mohammed demanded his order and then “aggressively” kicked and slammed shut the front glass door of the restaurant, Murphy said.
11159	Instead of whining and complaining about out what we don’t have, we can pave paths with what we already have just Lalrinngnungi.
11160	Instead of working as they should, they made me feel like a completely unbalanced, hormonal mess and resulted in me calling up old friends and wondering why we never saw each other anymore.
11161	Instead of writing, "Under of perjury," he wrote "I declare and verify under of perjury" that the facts on election irregularities described in his filing are correct.
11162	Instead, passengers are simply required to pay any difference in fare from their original ticket.
11163	Instead, prioritize of what you’re eating so you can savor and enjoy every bite.”
11164	Instead, she encourages parents to get their kids to talk about it.
11165	Instead, Slate’s June Thomas will be talking to him about how he’s covering the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
11166	Instead, the Bellingcat team looked at what was around them: the fragments were placed in a gulley surrounded by concrete slabs.
11167	Instead, the couple plans to elope and will fly from their home in Chicago to Hawaii with her parents, her brother and a friend.
11168	Instead, the deputy attorney general assigned Mueller to conduct a counterintelligence investigation.
11169	Instead, the government will encourage voluntary take-up from small stores all the way through to large venues, including the Princess Theatre and the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
11170	Instead they listened to their scientists, and brought Covid under control.
11171	Instead, they pay a percentage of their home’s insured value before the insurer kicks in. The amount can range from 1% to 10%.
11172	Instead, they were tailored to each individual skillset.
11173	Instead, those who want to deepen their connections to the community often take on volunteer work.
11174	Instead we demand the implementation of the constitution through the a legislative framework (quota) that guarantees more seats for women and youth, from the existing elective constituencies at local government and parliamentary levels.
11175	Instead we had a Trump vs Wallace + Biden.
11176	Instead, with her leather jacket, she signifies that she’s a kind of rebel intellectual that famously preferred erotics to hermeneutics.
11177	Instead, you’ll find me trying to get paid by NASA to lay in my bed for two months straight.
11178	In Ste. Anne, Roussin said the 10-day test positivity rate is roughly 20 per cent, and the rate is 30 per cent and climbing in the RM of Hanover, he added.
11179	“Institutional investors and traders remain open and interested in bitcoin—arguably the most open they have been in the history of the asset, which continues to be a positive.”
11180	In sum, both gas and electric appliances have their pluses and minuses.
11181	Insurance Journal’s official research partner, Demotech Inc., assisted with analysis of the 2020 Agency Salary Survey.
11182	Insurers and other major consumer businesses should make available their call centers to enable trained workers to help people get tested, instruct callers on requirements for isolation and quarantine, and link them to the resources they need to comply.
11183	Insurers are also holding PG&E responsible for their large payouts to customers, forcing PG&E into bankruptcy.
11184	Insurers that offer Medicare Advantage are required to provide all the benefits of Part A and Part B, and most plans include Part D drug coverage as well.
11185	Intel also gave us a little sneak peek, from an AI engine standpoint, that all three AI engines will be taken to the next level on Tiger Lake.
11186	“Interaction with people is the main thing I miss since finishing work,” David said.
11187	Interested residents have a chance to weigh in, but must register before tonight.
11188	Interestingly, Bitcoin has now evolved to perform some banking services, like lending and borrowing.
11189	Interestingly, only 96 litres of the total amount of liquor seized during the period is Indian Made Foreign Liquor bottles which were being sold illegally in a few villages.
11190	Interestingly, the case of FRN V Omatseye was a criminal in respect of which the EFCC itself had briefed Obla and provided the proof of evidence, witnesses and other information utilized by Obla in the course of the trial.
11191	Interestingly, the Heroes Act — the $3 trillion stimulus package passed by the House of Representatives — did include a monthly stimulus check.
11192	Interestingly, the RBI’s first outright open market operations (OMOs) — purchase of government bonds — for this fiscal amounting to ₹10,000 crore, had also come a cropper.
11193	Interior Minister Alain Berset, who announced the news on Wednesday, said the aim was to provide a “safe and efficient product of high-quality” for the population in Switzerland.
11194	Interment will follow in the Union Valley Cemetery near Dellroy.
11195	In terms of aircraft the Germans were dominant in numbers and overall quality.
11196	In terms of business development and marketing, several IT companies (think for example the retail cybersecurity brand PCMatic) are using their “made in America” credentials a central point of their entire marketing campaign.
11197	In terms of dimensions, the Moto G8 Power shreds a few millimetres off its height compared to the G7 Power, but it is slightly thicker.
11198	In terms of equipment, they’re doing well.
11199	In terms of fit and overarching strategy, the Denver Broncos 2020 draft class was perfect.
11200	Internal letters between BCLC and FINTRAC reveal the lottery corporation insisted it was making changes to its "high risk measures," and blamed some of the deficiencies on technical glitches and human error.
11201	"Internal measures have immediately been implemented by the Carrefour Group Brazil, principally on the question of security company contracts.
11202	International Business Times brings to you anecdotes related to the film shared by her sister Rangoli Chandel and six powerful dialogues from the film which is still fresh in our minds.
11203	International environmental organizations like have also been joining these calls for a more rigorous independent scientific assessment of the oil spill, especially following the of the pregnant whales in September.
11204	Internationally, electric vehicles have been a way to reduce emissions.
11205	Internationally, hopes of containing the coronavirus are fading fast, as stock markets around the world plummeted on Thursday and a run on face masks threatened to trigger a shortage.
11206	International Women’s Day: We sit down with a feisty Franco survivor honoured.
11207	Interpol’s cybercrime director, Craig Jones was quoted as saying that the public-private relationships are important in disrupting virtual crimes, stressing that “cooperation in investigation will upset well-established criminal business models.”
11208	Interxion: A Digital Realty Company, is a leading provider of carrier- and cloud-neutral data centre solutions across EMEA.
11209	In Texas, cars and pickup trucks festooned with Trump flags swarmed a Biden campaign bus, sometimes boxing it in. Trump criticized the F.B.I. for investigating the incident, calling the drivers “patriots.”
11210	In Texas, of all states, the governor seeks to make muzzles compulsory in all public places.
11211	In Texas, where the Austin City Council just cut 30% of that city’s police budget, Governor Greg Abbott responded: “Some cities are more focused on political agendas than public safety.
11212	In that 18 second sequence, three of Syracuse’s most defining errors shone through once again: the forced layup, the open 3-pointer, the offensive rebound.
11213	In that epidemiological sense, cases that show a rise or a crest and then a decrease constitute a wave, although a small wave,” Duque explained.
11214	In that time, Knock said, there was a common expectation that the flu would kill Americans into the six figures and the pandemic came in waves.
11215	In the 0 to 14 age demographic, there have been 11,158 reported fatalities from all causes.
11216	In the 19th century, the Moravians gradually lost control of Bethlehem as the city expanded.
11217	In the 2001 election Charlie Kennedy announced a penny on income tax for education.
11218	In the 200-plus years since we boldly embarked on this experiment in self-government, we have been steadily losing ground to the government’s brazen power grabs, foisted upon us in the so-called name of national security.
11219	In the 2019 Lok Sabha elections, the grand old party was allocated nine seats of which they won eight.
11220	In the 2020-2021 school year, a regular school day for students can feel anything but “regular” for students.
11221	In the 24 hours to 8pm on Tuesday, 20,586 tests were done in NSW, more than double Monday’s tally of 10,058.
11222	In the 25-54 demo, CNN averaged 1.5 million, to 991,000 for MSNBC and 589,000 for Fox News.
11223	In the 540s volcanic eruptions initiated a cold and dark period lasting several years, possibly reflected in folktales across the northern hemisphere.
11224	In the absence of interventions it has an average reproduction rate (R or R0) every four days of roughly 2.5.
11225	In the absence of Sean Abbott (side strain) and Steve O’Keefe (calf), the Sixers were well-served by emerging leggie Lloyd Pope (2-22 from four overs).
11226	In the absence of the two vital experiments I’ve described in this article, all you’re left with, concerning a single “COVID-19” pandemic and a single new cause, are: anecdote, rumor, gossip, conjecture, speculation, bad science, and lies.
11227	In the afternoon, a commercial motor vehicle was stopped while hauling an oversized excavator on Sunnidale-Torosontio Townline.
11228	In the anime version, the Prime Minister is traveling to a conference to discuss what to do about Adolf Hitler.
11229	In the backdrop of that story is the devastating breadth of World War II adding another layer to the forbidden relationship between teacher and student.
11230	In the bedroom area, a plush king-size bed and two hanging Balinese jute lamps.
11231	In the Berlin-set fifth season, it depicted an attempted terrorist attack on a European capital in the same timeframe as the November 2015 attacks in Paris.
11232	In the best of two centuries, Padamsee nourished himself as the fountainhead of regional and ancestral traditions to translate an epoch of modernism in his sensibility and language.
11233	In the biggest part of the storm, there may be a chance that officers have to stop moving their car and kind of shelter in place where they’re at at that moment,” Aycock said.
11234	In the big picture, this is good news for the community in many ways, and we are keeping safety as the top priority.
11235	In the caption she noted how she loved "every moment" of bringing her two characters to life.
11236	In the case of tests that are conducted off the coast, the Navy and Coast Guard are involved in the process,” he explained.
11237	In the coming months, the expectations are that there will be an increase in Brazil’s exports.
11238	In the course of its short life, it can do a lot more than just keep you clean.
11239	In the days ahead, MMSD will be focused on providing our students, families and staff the support needed in order to help them process this tremendous loss,” the statement continued.
11240	In the days leading to the 6 EDHP congress, in an interview conducted with the chairman of the congress preparatory committee, he talked about ‘positive secularism’ as a form that the EDHP may consider.
11241	In the days since the rate cut, the economic impact of the virus has become more apparent with airlines and hotels warning of lost revenue amid canceled conferences.
11242	In the drive to conserve 25 per cent, how we account for conservation matters — and there is much to be counted within our working forest as we advance the national conservation agenda.
11243	In the early days, Miri Flavell ran the Hine Collection from the garage of her home.
11244	In the early hours of the next day, before many of the traffic lights stopped flashing yellow, I made my way through the heart of my hometown coming to rest at the stoplight at the Interstate.
11245	In the Eastern Conference Finals, the Boston Celtics escaped elimination on Friday to force a Game 6 against the Miami Heat, led by Jayson Tatum and Jaylen Brown.
11246	In the east USA, two centuries of over-exploitation and worsening water quality led to a 20th Century collapse of once-widespread oyster reefs.
11247	In the end, Mister Miracle is about finding what makes you happy and going for it.
11248	In the end, the team was forced to turn to Quique Setién, who expressed astonishment at being handed the reins.
11249	In the end, they officially assisted more than 800 people but Ramirez believes that the program’s reach actually went farther.
11250	In the episode "Fun Run," the office is running a 5K for rabies awareness.
11251	In the episode preview, Kim told Khloe that it's "absolutely never going to happen."
11252	In the event of a real-life alien invasion, I’m positive that there would be parts of our citizenry who would do the same thing.
11253	In the exclusive sneak peek above, the drug boss sits her daughter down and makes sure she understands that love is nice and all, but having total control over a dude is the most important thing.
11254	In the extreme version of this thinking, all economic and social actors are equally providers and beneficiaries of applied knowledge.
11255	In the fall, they plan to focus on people who can make last-minute bookings due to living nearby.
11256	In the fight against Curious, the Meta Liberation Army villain was drawn to Toga because she was curious about the "story" of how she became the villain she is.
11257	In the film, Bond has left active service and is enjoying a tranquil life in Jamaica when his old friend from the CIA Felix Leiter, played by Jeffrey Wright, turns up asking for help.
11258	In the final minute of Monday's game between the Bucs and New York Giants, Antoine Winfield Jr. made the kind of play that Gophers fans recall fondly.
11259	In the final photo, she grasped the frame with one hand while caressing her right cheek with the other.
11260	In the final weeks of a first or possibly only term, many of the Trump administration’s hard-fought efforts are only now beginning to bear fruit.
11261	In the first 50 years of the 20th century, Los Angeles became a real city, and downtown Los Angeles was the beating heart of the Southern California region.
11262	In the first, a private security company using X-ray and other equipment checks whether there are items that are not allowed on board, likes guns or knives.
11263	In the first game against the Red Storm, Laura Ryer scored both goals.
11264	In the first half of December, between 381 and 531 Department of Corrections staff members were on leave each day due to COVID-19 diagnoses or a need to quarantine.
11265	In the full-length triathlon, athletes swim 3.8 km, ride 180 km by bicycle and run 42.2 km, while in the half-length version they swim 1.9 km, cycle 90 km and run 21.1 km.
11266	In the future, we will continue to provide clients with more comprehensive drug development services.
11267	In the game, Spain went behind when Switzerland midfielder Remo Freuler opened the scoring after 26 minutes.
11268	In the high-fashion modeling industry, being a ‚plus-size‘ or ‚curvy‘ model can mean wearing a size 8 or above.
11269	In the high-income group (four major Western European economies, US and Canada, Japan and South Korea) the reported first cases in late January were associated with China.
11270	"In the interconnected environment, the safety and efficiency of these systems may affect the stability and soundness of financial institutions and consequently the financial stability of the country.
11271	“In the interest of good corporate governance, it is proposed that provisions that become applicable to a listed entity on the basis of market capitalisation, shall continue to apply irrespective of change in the market capitalisation,” it said.
11272	In the interim, the report states that Gaetz is not welcome at the White House nor is he encouraged to attempt to talk to the president.
11273	In the intervening years there has been a whopping financial crisis, and a decade in which living standards for the majority of people have moved sideways.
11274	In the interview, West said he was “pro-life” and claimed vaccinations were “the mark of the beast”.
11275	In their new court papers, Trump’s lawyers said the subpoena of his tax records was “wildly overbroad” and “amounts to harassment of the President”.
11276	In their official statement, Universal said, “The studio continues to monitor the situation closely and will make a determination on when to restart production in the coming weeks.
11277	In their statement, family members said that is “more than double all Purdue profits the Sackler family retained since the introduction of OxyContin.”
11278	In their worldview, they are the reasonable grownups and the people who want outrageous things such as universal affordable healthcare are petulant children, unworthy of respect.
11279	In the Kandahar attack, the suicide bomber struck in the district of Shah Wali Kot, according to Bahir Ahmadi, the provincial governor’s spokesman.
11280	In the last 90 days alone there have been 3,805 uploads to the portal - a 78 per cent increase on the average rate, says Nextbase.
11281	In the last five years, there has been an exponential increase in the number of new petroleum engineers shifting to Denver for job prospects.
11282	In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 67,004 shares of company stock worth $13,700,505.
11283	In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 81,639 shares of company stock worth $10,880,261.
11284	In the last seven days, Havy has traded up 21.4% against the dollar.
11285	In the last seven days, Polis has traded down 2.2% against the dollar.
11286	In the last week, Bitcoin Atom has traded down 20.2% against the U.S. dollar.
11287	In the last week, Dragon Coins has traded down 26.9% against the U.S. dollar.
11288	In the last week, Flixxo has traded up 11.9% against the US dollar.
11289	In the last week, GameCredits has traded 14.8% higher against the dollar.
11290	In the late 1960s, Cliff Richard’s backing band, The Shadows, also recorded Skokiaan and it became a hit all over the world.
11291	In the late ’80s and early ’90s, Black artists in Panama — like El General, Nando Boom, and Renato — were creating to what we now know as reggaeton music.
11292	In the letter, more than 150 bishops accuse the federal government of “inaction and omission” in combating the coronavirus pandemic and of “inability and incapacity” to face the crisis.
11293	In the letter seen by the Lesotho Times, Masupha said the committee was supposed to have issued a notice of its annual general meeting (AGM) last month and eventually convene the meeting this month as stipulated by the club's constitution.
11294	In the letter shared on his social media page, Gwamnishu alleged that Mrs Grace reported her husband after he allegedly had sex, impregnated their teenage daughter, Chidinma.
11295	“In the list we were given, seven have not come back to the district while two others do not belong to the district.
11296	In the longer term, the new governor will need to continue Mark Carney’s work to tackle the fallout from the climate emergency.
11297	In the Maine Principals’ Association Heal Point Standings for Class A North, Camden Hills (4-10, 7.4074 points) is ninth, while Hampden Academy (13-0, 108.9506 points) is first in the 12-team region.
11298	In the Master (40 plus) category, Arshad Qureshi defeated Zafar Iqbal by 4-2.
11299	In the meantime, he said some antiviral drugs currently in trial look like they could be effective in combating the virus, but he wasn't ready to say that there's any single development that's been overwhelmingly convincing.
11300	In the meantime, it will also be good to set up the legal entity (corporation) that will embody each consortium, so that it will be ready to execute a long-term service contract at any time.
11301	In the meantime, owners of would-be dispensaries are biding their time by selling CBD products, hemp clothing and related paraphernalia.
11302	In the meantime, the rest of us are about to go on quarantine lockdown, forced to sustain ourselves on whatever mediocre bilge Netflix has put out this week.
11303	In the men’s race the distance is around 5.5 miles.
11304	In the mid-16th century, ducks were introduced to Chinese rice paddies to feed on the insects that were destroying crops.
11305	In the mid-1800s, an Italian archeologist formalized the excavation process and developed a method of preserving the bodies immortalized in ash by pouring concrete into the hollow where their bodies stood or lay or crouched in their final moments.
11306	In the midst of a gaggle of dancing children, a young hip-hop artist raps out a serious message: “I pull my mask up to my face so I know that I’m straight.
11307	“In the midst of the coronavirus crisis, they are fulfilling their duties impeccably in the face of danger, putting themselves in harms way so that we may protect ourselves and our loved ones.”
11308	In the midst of the coronavirus outbreak, public health officials have made it clear: There is no pill, vaccine or supplement that can cure or prevent the virus.
11309	In the Monday report, Director Tiffany Webber said that the staff has 785 open investigations ongoing.
11310	In the most recent round of surveys from these pollsters, Trump has an average favorable rating of 41 percent and an average unfavorable rating of 55 percent.
11311	In the National Education Assessment (NEA) conducted in 2016, only 11 per cent of Primary six pupils were proficient in Mathematics.
11312	In the nation’s capital, more than 1,000 demonstrators hit the streets, including some who threw bricks and dispersed only early Sunday morning when the Secret Service began to fire tear gas.
11313	In the near term the case rate has less to do with the former, and everything to do with whether kids get back to class, which could allow many parents to return to work.
11314	“In the next couple of years, the luxury market is expected to perform better due to enhanced liquidity and lower interest rates,” he added.
11315	In the next few weeks, we’ll keep you updated as shoe retailer’s Black Friday sales actually start.
11316	In the next few weeks, we will commence our bold high-level skilled training employment programme tagged “Ibom 3000 Project”
11317	In the next newsletter, we will look at US Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs).
11318	In the nightcap.
11319	In the now-deleted tweet, Fox shared screenshots of a heated exchange between the two, in which he confronted Front after she blocked him on Twitter.
11320	In the oil industry, guar gum is deployed to regulate the viscosity of the mud solution, thereby controlling and stabilizing the flow characteristics of the drilling muds.
11321	In the orange/Restrict stage, they would have to shut down at 10 p.m., and allow no more than 50 people inside.
11322	In the original script, would have revealed himself to be Anakin Skywalker’s father, specifically orchestrating the Force to help Skywalker be born.
11323	In the parlance of RCV, these voters’ ballots are “exhausted.”
11324	In the past 24 hours, Moroccan health experts performed 4,831 tests, including 4,760 that came back negative.
11325	In the past, Collins has helped shape stories about the Black experience in America (both scripted and unscripted), including The Bobby Brown Story Real Husbands of Hollywood.
11326	In the past few months, several MLAs have switched sides, giving an interesting turn to the election.
11327	In the past few months, the borough finalized an agreement with AML to lease its land at the Lutak Dock so that the shipping company can construct the roll on roll off facility.
11328	“In the past months, our studios operated at reduced capacity, and remote recording has been incorporated into the workflow in all our locations,” says Liliam Hernandez, president and CEO of Universal Cinergía.
11329	"In the past, researchers believed the strongest was around 10-15 nanometers.
11330	In the past, these spaces were often exclusively “geared toward adults,” like gay bars and clubs, Windhauser said.
11331	In the past, they’ve always recovered as economies rebuild.
11332	In the past, we have addressed racial inequity in smaller fragments.
11333	In the petition No. EP/016/2020 between Engr.
11334	In the photo, Kaia snuggled up to the pup while the two laid in bed.
11335	In the photo she is holding her two-year-old daughter Alexis Olympia Ohanian, who she shares with her husband, Alexis.
11336	In the pre-dawn hours, temps will be in the upper teens and surge through the day, eventually punching well above freezing, into the mid-30s.
11337	In the process, it unpacks the dynamics of open relationships.
11338	In the protests on July 7, it will be demanded that these blue cards should be revived immediately so that poor families do not face more problems,тАЭhe said.
11339	In the province, 20 people are currently in hospital with — 14 are receiving inpatient care and six are in intensive care.
11340	In the queue after that is Trevor Noah’s memoir “Born a Crime” which I can’t believe I haven’t read yet.
11341	In the reality, Sao Paulo will continue in this respect to represent our focus just to go into the direction of smart city.
11342	In the remaining 10, DMK won in six — Tiruvallur, Poonamallee, Cholavaram, Puzhal, Villivakkam and Minjur.
11343	In there, no one could hurt me.
11344	In the same group, Marcus Berg's goal gave Krasnodar a 1-0 win over Rennes, meaning the Russians will play in the Europa League in the new year.
11345	In the same interview, Barr said he still had confidence in Wray’s ability to do the job.
11346	In the same press conference, Trump accused the WHO of concealing information, being too slow to react to the virus, and, above all, showing favouritism towards China.
11347	In the second half, Clifford found more of a rhythm.
11348	In the second image in the series, the stunner was photographed at a closer angle, once again rocking the same white bikini top and tugging at the middle of it.
11349	In these districts - parts of Greater Manchester, eastern Lancashire and West Yorkshire - people are banned from different households meeting in a private home or garden.
11350	In these essays, she combines memoir, problem solving and lessons on the writer’s craft.
11351	In these sections we find Eden seated like a regal seer in a forest, a gun across her lap, holding a pair of binoculars to search for whales.
11352	In these situations it’s tempting to sleep late or sleep throughout the day.
11353	In these situations, switching shoulders is always a viable course of action to take.
11354	In these uncertain times, the capacity to love our neighbors as ourselves may go from theory to reality in the space of a single hour.
11355	In the shadow of a global lockdown, we have also announced a comprehensive plan to reduce fixed costs by $700 million, which allows us to confirm our target to reach mid-teens operating margins by FY23.
11356	In the simplest terms, it is essentially a book that is usually aimed at the young adult market.
11357	In the smog-shrouded capital New Delhi firecrackers were banned for the Festival of Light and while people still thronged markets, traders said COVID-19 had scared shoppers off spending.
11358	In the sparse backyard, the roommates have set up periwinkle blue patio furniture and planted a hopeful vegetable garden, which in June was teeming with kale, oregano and cucumber and pepper plants.
11359	In the spirit of MacGyver, she began to stitch them together.
11360	In the spring of 2013, the Warriors ousted the No. 3 seed Nuggets from the first round of the playoffs.
11361	In the squads’ last meeting against each other, the Friars defeated the Hoyas 76-60 in a lopsided matchup on Dec. 31. Sophomore guard Mac McClung missed that meeting with an eye injury, and would not have much say in this one either.
11362	In the third and last step, the scientists dip target proteins into the pool of surviving peptides to fish out those that bind to the wanted disease target.
11363	In the title, Shepherd commandeered Task Force 141 and its operations throughout the games.
11364	In the two years prior to Krasner taking office, there were 11,187 car thefts, on average 5,594 thefts per year.
11365	In the United States as in England, vanity house names fall into several categories.
11366	In the United States, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) explains under what circumstances health-care professionals may disclose patient information to families, public health agencies and the media.
11367	In the United States, the ratio is one person lost for every 82 afflicted.
11368	In the U.S. 15 cases have been identified: eight in California, two in Illinois and one each in Arizona, Massachusetts, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin.
11369	In the U.S., more than 800,000 students were reportedly stuck at home as school districts increasingly adopted the measure.
11370	In the US three wholesalers, McKesson, AmerisourceBergen, and Cardinal Health, cover 92% of the market, delivering millions of medicines to hospitals in fleets of branded trucks.
11371	“In the very short term we see there might be logistical challenges to getting seafood in via Beijing.”
11372	In the video, Heidi pokes fun at the panic buying of toilet paper earlier this year, as she uses her immense stock to wrap her children up and make them look like mummies.
11373	In the video the children can be heard crying while onlookers ask the police why they had drawn their weapons on the family.
11374	In the video, the woman alleged that she was being “beaten and mentally tortured” ever since she got married in April 2018, Gulf News reported on Thursday.
11375	In the wake of the lockdown orders, the opportunity to go out and beg for alms is lost as they are now confined at their respective residents and waiting on charity givers to visit them.
11376	In the wake of this summer’s unrest, they are about to escalate that messaging.
11377	In the wake of Trump’s abysmal performance, the campaign is replacing Christie and Giuliani as coaches for the second debate.
11378	In the week ahead, Lily will be drawn to Billy more than ever.
11379	In the words of Jorge Potti, GMV’s general space manager, “2019 was a resounding success for GMV’s space business.
11380	In the youth division, Keegan Dietz took best in show with the image “The Cat.”
11381	In thinking about this analogy, it dawned on me that if we saw the coronavirus microbe, we would have an altogether different attitude towards it.
11382	In this 2011 photo, (left-to-right) 9-year-old Ty Lorenz, older brother Jaxton Lorenz and twin brother Cael Lorenz watch a Central football game.
11383	In this Apk, you can sort movies according to your mood.
11384	In this comical liminal space between the way of the future and the modes of the past came the special.
11385	In this episode, Valerie shares her journey from the Philippines to America, her growth as an artist and musician, and how God’s hand has been on her life through the process.
11386	In this example, 100MHz x 40 equals 4,000MHz (4GHz).
11387	In this file photo dated Sept. 26, 1966, British actor Sean Connery is being given a Japanese bath during filming of a scene in the James Bond film, “You Only Live Twice,” at Pinewood Studios near London.
11388	In this handout photo provided by the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department, emergency crews respond to a helicopter crash that reportedly killed former NBA player Kobe Bryant, his 13-year-old daughter Gianna, and others on Jan.
11389	In this list, you will definitely find something that will warm your heart and remind you of someone that is so significant in your life.
11390	In this lounge-y overcoat, loose-fitting tee, and plaid pants, Zoe looks cozy and fresh.
11391	In this Oct. 11, 2019, file photo, University of Notre Dame President Rev. John I. Jenkins speaks during a press conference in South Bend, Indiana.
11392	In this photo provided by Office of Governor Andrew M. Cuomo, Mr. Cuomo briefs the media inside a nearly completed makeshift hospital at the Jacob Javits Convention Center in New York.
11393	In this real method, businesses make an effort to avoid circumstances where a customer gets caught with debt and repays one loan to some other.
11394	In this regard, the track captures the dueling universality and personalness of this turbulent, turbulent year.
11395	In this Sept. 15, 2013 file photo, Vice President Joe Biden talks with Julian Castro, right, during Iowa Sen. Tom Harkin's annual fundraising steak fry dinner in Indianola, Iowa.
11396	In this series of articles we discuss who some of the potential candidates are who might be chosen to be the next Chief Justice.
11397	In this way, charge point developers can generate diversified revenues throughout the lifetime of the project while reducing risks.”
11398	In this way, Murray is effectively a pawn of the political and corporate parties that fund him through the American Enterprise Institute and other right-wing financial channels.
11399	In this way, the person controlling the remote PC can diagnose or fix a problem with it — for example, by running an anti-malware program or uninstalling a troublesome hardware driver.
11400	In those days, Griffin had developed a pretty chemistry with Chris Paul that gave Griffin the comfort to handle the ball in transition while taking on a secondary role in the half-court.
11401	"In those days we sometimes find it difficult to sit in the market for the whole day, but now it has really improved," she said.
11402	“Intimidation from the government is real, it is powerful, it’s because of changing demographics and the fear of what this larger vote can mean,” says Anderson.
11403	In top news of the day on Monday, February 24, 2020, US President Donald attended events and toured India, as part of their two-day visit.
11404	In total, 17.1 million viewers tuned in to the comeback episode live or on catch-up during the subsequent week, according to the consolidated ratings.
11405	In total, 17,689 photos were submitted, with the competition judges whittling them down to 50 finalists.
11406	In total, 52 people have died after contracting COVID-19 in Estonia.
11407	In total, more than $4 million was raised to support construction, enable more units serving extremely low-income households, and to support programming once the building is complete.
11408	In total, with other government initiatives taken into account, there will be approximately 5,000 more places available to those seeking to enter Third Level education this year.
11409	“Intra-Afghan negotiations will start soon thereafter, and will build on this fundamental step to deliver a comprehensive and permanent ceasefire and the future political roadmap for Afghanistan,” he said.
11410	Introduced in season 6, Jimmy was a photographer at the Daily Planet who became romantically involved with Clark's closest ally, Chloe ().
11411	Introducing your new summer must-have: the party cardi, a comeback that is excellent news for those of us who have loved these knits all along.
11412	In Trump's world, only idiots and fools obey the law.
11413	In turn, it has become standard practice throughout the industry for contributors to open source projects to get paid for this work.
11414	In turn “Transmission” will now add mark-up, and bill “distribution”.
11415	In two Democratic-leaning counties in Wisconsin that are recounting votes, Trump’s campaign sought to discard tens of thousands of absentee ballots that it alleged should not have been counted.
11416	In two of the cases, this was by design.
11417	In UK, anyone over the age of 18 started to vote since 1969.
11418	In uncertain times, it’s a real privilege to see so many small acts of kindness.
11419	Invariably, these women’s day jobs will be used as the stick with which this particular drum is beaten senseless.
11420	In various ways, all those things do complicate the housing sector.
11421	Investigations are ongoing and efforts are being made to identify any linkages between them.
11422	Investigations however showed the presence of strange looking policemen with “DRAGON” tags within the assembly complex.
11423	Investigators are still searching for how the man got in, while neighbors say they will start being more thorough in securing their homes.
11424	Investigators believe the 29-year-old, who was well-known within Calgary’s skateboarding community, was shot early the previous day.
11425	Investigators created a family tree dating back to the 1800s in order to identify him as a suspect.
11426	Investigators do not believe this was a random attack.
11427	Investigators have identified the victim of the fatal shooting as Maple Ont. resident Anthony Martin.
11428	Investigators have still not identified a suspect or motive.
11429	Investigators rushed to the scene and took the victims to hospital where Duncan was pronounced dead.
11430	Investigators say a car on Tuckerton Road was damaged after someone threw a rock at the passenger side door.
11431	Investigators say an arrest was made in connection with at least three random attacks at Jackson Street West and MacNab Street South, just 500 metres from where the body of a Hamilton man was found around 7 a.m. Tuesday.
11432	Investigators say he saw Carswell trying to enter the rear of his home.
11433	INVESTING SHOW: We've had the vaccine rally and US election, so what happens next for shares?
11434	Investors appear to be expecting two things following the strong Bitcoin rally.
11435	Investors are also still contemplating ongoing concerns over stymied coronavirus stimulus negotiations and tenuous U.S.-China tensions.
11436	Investors can then use their newly-acquired Bitcoin or Ethereum to buy BoutsPro using one of the exchanges listed above.
11437	Investors can then use their newly-acquired Bitcoin or Ethereum to buy Chromia using one of the aforementioned exchanges.
11438	Investors can then use their newly-acquired Bitcoin or Ethereum to purchase CVCoin using one of the aforementioned exchanges.
11439	Investors can then use their newly-acquired Bitcoin or Ethereum to purchase Ecoreal Estate using one of the exchanges listed above.
11440	Investors can then use their newly-acquired Ethereum or Bitcoin to buy Etheroll using one of the aforementioned exchanges.
11441	Investors of record on Friday, July 17th will be paid a $0.13 dividend.
11442	Investors of record on Thursday, March 19th will be issued a dividend of $0.26 per share.
11443	Investors say more gains may well be ahead, and two top ECB officials have acknowledged it’s on their minds.
11444	Investors seeking to acquire Crypto Sports should first buy Ethereum or Bitcoin using an exchange that deals in US dollars such as Changelly, GDAX or Gemini.
11445	Investors seeking to trade BitNautic Token should first buy Bitcoin or Ethereum using an exchange that deals in U.S. dollars such as GDAX, Changelly or Gemini.
11446	In Victoria, the premier has determined that term two will be done via remote learning, with schools only open for the children of essential workers and vulnerable students.
11447	In view of the foregoing, the following recommendations must be brought to the table of the president, Muhammadu Buhari for his kind considerations.
11448	"In view of the forgoing, take judicial notice of our legal memorandum to this court and do just and equitable to the Defendants," Cllr.
11449	In Wales and Scotland restrictions will be relaxed only on Christmas day.
11450	“In Wisconsin, 2,659 ballots that were returned after the April 13 deadline for the spring primary were not counted due to their late arrival.”
11451	In Wong's classes, students learn to mimic the movements of the big-maned wild cats.
11452	"In YC's care, the case is as good as dead.
11453	In your explanations, do you keep things pretty simple?
11454	I often find myself delving into a subject to see what's behind the headlines.
11455	"I often say we operate like a beach town, but in reverse.
11456	I often wonder how it was that the arrival of the SS in 1948, carrying fewer than 500 West Indians specifically invited to come and work in the UK, was and remains such a symbol of profound soul searching for the national identity.
11457	IONIA — If a millage to fund construction of a new library is approved, supporters want voters to know they have a plan for the library’s current historical home.
11458	I opted for something a little more classical and depicted him as a tragic figure — a little misunderstood but not malicious.”
11459	I or my family have NO fixed property anywhere but Pakistan.
11460	Iowa Democratic Party communications director Mandy McClure released a statement trying to explain the delay.
11461	Iowa is a swing state: Before backing Donald Trump in 2016, it voted twice for Barack Obama.
11462	Iowa winner Pete Buttigieg comes under fire from Dem rivals.
11463	I owe back taxes.
11464	"I owe everything to her.
11465	I participated in several deployments to Kuwait and Jordan in support of Gulf region combat munitions loading operations, and aircraft maintenance evolutions.
11466	“I pick these empty plastic bottles from Mawabeni business centre and I start designing all these things in my head.
11467	IPPG Chairman, Mr Ademola Adeyemi-Bero, said the group, made up of indigenous oil firms, was working towards procuring 5million face masks, 100, 000 test kits, 12 ambulances, ventilators, beddings and overalls for healthworkers.
11468	I pray for you and your family ti be healthy.
11469	I prefer these books with spiral binding, which make it easier to lay the pages flat or fold back the front cover.
11470	“I probably would do sooner,” Ms. Daughtry said.
11471	I promise I’ll never do it again, because they mean the world to me.
11472	"I promise you I’ll continue your legacy man!"
11473	IPSO did not consider that the purposes for which consent had been provided covered the use of the photograph in this context.
11474	“I put in so many applications when I left, but no one wanted to take a look,” she said.
11475	Iran and its allies have responded with attacks against the U.S. and its partners, including a rocket strike that killed an American contractor at the end of December.
11476	Iran has tried repeatedly to force European signatories of the 2015 nuclear pact to deliver some of that deal’s promised economic benefits—in part by restarting its uranium enrichment and edging closer to building a nuclear weapons.
11477	Iranian mourners take part in a funeral procession in Enghelab square in the capital Tehran on Monday, Jan.
11478	Iranians go to the polls to elect their legislators, in a vote seen as a test of the moderate bloc led President Hassan Rouhani and the country’s Shia theocracy.
11479	Iran on Saturday admitted downing the jet “unintentionally”, three days after the crash that killed 176 people.
11480	Iran’s death toll from the new coronavirus rose by 89 in the past 24 hours to reach 4,958 on Friday, health ministry spokesman Kianush Jahanpur said on state TV, Reuters reported.
11481	Iran’s Fars news agency confirmed an incident on the Konark and said one person was killed and several sailors were injured, according to the Reuters news agency.
11482	Iran’s National Security Council held an emergency meeting and drafted two statements, the first to be issued by the Joint Armed Forces followed by a second one from Rouhani.
11483	Iran’s president reiterated his hope Wednesday that US President-elect Joe Biden would return America’s Iran policy to where he left things as vice president four years ago, state TV reported, rejoining Tehran’s nuclear deal with world powers.
11484	Iraqi acting Prime Minister Adil Abdul-Mahdi is pictured meeting with the UN special representative to Iraq Jeanine Hennis-Plasschaert at his office in Baghdad yesterday.
11485	Iraq’s complaints rarely mean they’ll actually do anything to try to stop them.
11486	Iraq's foreign ministry summoned the US ambassador, while caretaker premier Adel Abdel Mahdi attended an extraordinary parliamentary session to slam the strike as a 'political assassination.'
11487	I realise now where I went wrong.
11488	I realize and can rationalize the extreme fatigue of my country in admitting that there is a racism issue in Italy.
11489	I realize that as a state senator, it is not my job to change the rules of Judaism.
11490	I really did not think I could.
11491	I really don’t want to put my parents and brother in unnecessary danger, so if I need to stop I will.
11492	"I really hope that this interview situation, and the social media post inspires more people with large platforms like yourselves to come forward and say something," Levy says.
11493	“I really hope the Bumiputera contractors will continue to work hard, have the initiative and be competitive in seizing the opportunities available.
11494	I really just can't wait for tomorrow."
11495	“I really just enjoyed painting in the summer.
11496	I really loved Meet the Browns very good show.
11497	I really only need this on my forehead but somedays a swipe all around really does that trick.
11498	“I really struggled with it because I’d gone from being in camp for a year, being really active, to suddenly not being allowed to go to the gym,” she explains.
11499	“I really wanted to be in something that made me feel like a superhero,” she says.
11500	“I really would like to know,” Tony Lee wondered out loud last week, “if Chalkdust is going to be judged by people he taught to judge.”
11501	“I received no letter … they just told me not to show up for work as of Nov. 6,” a lecturer at the Federal Defense Engineering College told the AP.
11502	I recognize that building.
11503	''I refuse to accept this,' said a third.
11504	"I reject such baseless and politically motivated allegations against me," he said.
11505	Ireland’s constitution, which had previously recognized the right to life of the unborn, was amended to say that “Provision may be made by law for the regulation of termination of pregnancy.”
11506	I released the shutter one more time, in fact, it was the last exposure on the roll of film,” he said of the moment he took the famous image.
11507	I remained sober for six-and-a-half years, and I accomplished a tremendous amount in those years.
11508	I remember after the last Regional and General Elections, when the APNU+AFC coalition had won the elections, I attended a Sunday morning Satsang at my mandir.
11509	I remembered that I had gained perspective on the power of the “Wednesday morning” that year in a most unlikely spot — a 1k Donut Run.
11510	I remember I cut Nelly’s hair and he said to me, “Yesterday, I saw this picture on your page and I want my haircut to be like that.”
11511	I remember January as having a beginning, middle, and end.
11512	I remember the crazy dunks, the commercials, the baggy shorts and the shoes.
11513	I remember the days when we used to cool water in a bag.
11514	I remember watching “Gone With the Wind” with my parents as a child, and recall my mother shaking her head in disapproval at Hattie McDaniel’s stereotypical Mammy character.
11515	I remember what it felt like to have friends announcing they were pregnant when I wasn’t – it was like a stab in my heart – or when they got hitched and I found myself pushed out.
11516	Irene Belserion had been, but the magic was too strong and she became a dragon herself while pregnant with Erza.
11517	I request community leaders, opinion makers and aware citizens to take a leading role in helping the administration in this regard.
11518	I resent having to move to date!
11519	I respect, a lot, that," he continued.
11520	“I respect everybody’s opinion, and I’m not one who is going to go out and name-call,” Couture said, adding that she did not think a sign supporting Joe Biden, the presumptive Democratic candidate for president would be damaged or taken.
11521	I returned with the truck 30 minutes later to pick him up and there he stood, beaming with a beautiful cock grouse.
11522	Irma told me she requires her two kids to wear masks outdoors and said it bothers her that some people defiantly resist face coverings, even if it means front-line medical workers like her are at greater risk because of it.
11523	Iron Cowboy re-opened on a limited basis following updated orders from the state, using their app to allow limited numbers to reserve workout times to maintain social distancing.
11524	Ironically, my previous blog quoted Dr. Tedros Adhanom saying, “Most people will have mild disease and get better without needing any special care.”
11525	Irrfan Khan has done some remarkable work in the west including films like Life Of Pi, The Amazing Spider-Man and Jurassic World.
11526	Irrfan suffered from a colon infection recently and was admitted to the Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani hospital.
11527	I rushed out to say to my mother that something's happened to father.
11528	’ is a common method where hackers are able to use stolen data to obtain a Porting Authorisation Code (PAC).
11529	I said absolutely, if it can help someone else.
11530	I said at the outset of this tournament that AC/DC was BUILT to win something like this.
11531	I said, 'I'm all for encouraging free speech and I don't agree that it was bullying as such.'
11532	I said, ‘Look we’re going to disagree,’ and nobody disagrees more gracefully than Rosa DeLauro.”
11533	I said that the President of the United States creating concentration camps was bad, the mods said: how dare you.
11534	I said this is not feasible.
11535	I said year ago, I wanna be screaming out 'Painkiller' when I turn 80; I wanna be on a stage somewhere."
11536	“Is a struggle for control; like I said, Fayose is not fighting Governor Seyi Makinde.
11537	I saw a guy surfing down cane garden bay….
11538	I saw her wrestler earlier this week with and was impressed.
11539	I saw it coming in and started freaking out.
11540	I say donate the stay to healthcare workers who need to quarantine, and use it as a tax write-off.
11541	Is called presumption of innocence.
11542	I scooped her up and screamed.
11543	Is coronavirus worse than the flu?
11544	Is diamond glass real, and what about the application with foldable phones?
11545	Is Dropbox Back After Q4 Earnings Report?
11546	I see a notification for your post and it makes my day better,” chimed in a fourth user.
11547	I see Brady’s hand behind this decision more than anyone else’s.
11548	I see it as an opportunity.
11549	I see the patterns,” he said, quoting a Somali saying that only he who has his fingers burned has the knowledge to talk about pain.
11550	I see us competing and, if things go right, we should have just as good a chance as anybody when it comes to the end.
11551	I SERIOUSLY doubt Black Lives Matter is trolling Queerty!
11552	Is every sentence I write a question?
11553	Ishak added that the new practices will continue to evolve to meet the revised health and safety protocols in accordance with public health authorities and the AllSafe Cleanliness and Prevention Label by Accor.
11554	“I share Trump’s views on race and immigration”?
11555	I should have corrected them.
11556	I should have paid more attention when the plague of locusts arrived.
11557	I should have put it on,” Reeves said during a news conference.
11558	“I sincerely believe Itolizumab will not only help in reducing morbidity and mortality of Covid-19 patients but will also help us in judiciously managing healthcare resources like ICUs and ventilators for critically ill patients,” Kumar adds.
11559	ISIS would stand no chance running from his disguised blitzes.
11560	Is it a good time to refinance or even pay off the debt entirely?
11561	Is it a patriotic party?
11562	Is it a sin to belong to the minority group?
11563	Is it fertile soils?
11564	“I sit here in front of you guys furious at myself, disgusted at myself for making a mistake of adultery.”
11565	Is it meaningful?
11566	Is it possible that SFU food vendors are complaining that students are taking away their business?
11567	Is it possible that they were so absent from his life that they had no idea what he was up to most of the time?
11568	Is it possible to extend the New Deal programs to create a greater social safety net for working people in 2020 and beyond?
11569	Is it possible to have a mutiny on a cruise ship?
11570	Is it safe to eat squirrel-bitten avocados?
11571	Is it safe to order takeaways?
11572	Is it safe to travel to Tenerife?
11573	Isla Fisher oozes classic Hollywood glamour in angelic white.
11574	Islanders want to match Capitals' 'desperation'
11575	Island Harvest Food Bank, also from Hauppauge, is seeing a dramatic influx of need, too, due to COVID-19, with donations down about 40 percent, according to Randi Shubin Dresner, the organization’s president and CEO.
11576	Is Macy’s closed on Thanksgiving 2020?
11577	Is my friend right?
11578	Isn't Moderna the company with ties to the Trump admin?
11579	I sold three for 5,000 each, yet on a normal day, a cow would go for Sh50,000.
11580	“I specifically find the accessibility of online performances an incredible step forward.
11581	“I spend lots of quality time with the people I love, and still have time for my creative pursuits and charity.
11582	“I spend so much time by myself, â€™cause youâ€™re just kind of always forced to, that I canâ€™t really remember what it was like not really having that kind of lifestyle.”
11583	I spend the mornings crying and the afternoons working.
11584	“I spent all night responding to players from different years about the impact that Doug had on them,” Childers said.
11585	I spent a lot of time in rural communities and there are aspirational people there, but they are limited by what they can do in terms of economic development as power is such an important factor almost all fo the time.
11586	“I spent the first two decades of my life shying away from my Chinese heritage, trying to be normal, bland and mainstream, like so many kids do,” she said.
11587	I spent the whole day hand stitching them, and I felt so satisfied.
11588	I spoke to my protective husband and those closest to me and they encourage me to forgive and jump!
11589	“I spoke to the woman earlier and it certainly was hard to give her that news,” Morrison said.
11590	I spoke with StandWithUS Director, Center for Combating Antisemitism, Carly Gammill, who remarked, “The IHRA definition is extremely important.
11591	Is Polaire AC Scam or Legit?
11592	Israel and Lebanon each claim about 860 square kilometres (330 square miles) of the Mediterranean Sea.
11593	Israeli forces blew up the family home of an injured Palestinian prisoner.
11594	Israeli Interior Ministry Arye Dery signed a directive on Wednesday permitting Israelis to visit Saudi Arabia for the first time in the country’s history, Israeli media reported.
11595	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced, on Tuesday, that he intends to name a new settlement in the occupied Syrian Golan Heights after United States President Donald Trump.
11596	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu tweeted: “Like millions of Israelis, Sara and I are thinking of President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump and wish our friends a full and speedy recovery.”
11597	Israel is warning its citizens to avoid travel to several states in the Gulf and other parts of the Middle East.
11598	Israel’s Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked signed regulations yesterday designed to enact punitive financial measures against Amnesty International.
11599	Israel’s national carrier El Al announced on Sunday it was reducing its flights to Bangkok, a popular vacation destination for Israelis, by 50 percent.
11600	Israel, with a population of 9 million, has had 16,690 cases, with 279 deaths and 13,915 recoveries.
11601	’ is sonically interesting, but it lacks musical appeal.
11602	Issues at a single data center aren't supposed to knock out key bank systems, which are meant to be routed to backups if they fail.
11603	Issues of the Tings magazine have a QR code on each page, which readers can scan on their phones or devices.
11604	Issy’s job put him in a strategic position for the unemployed.
11605	I started doing special exercises, climbing hills, doing a lot of pushups and slowly, I started bulking up.
11606	I started having dreams about falling off a building which scared me a lot at the time.'
11607	“I started making just a few of the changes she suggested like using cloth napkins and bringing my glass bakeware to the meat counter at Sprouts – these are some of the things I wish I’d known earlier, even if my goal wasn’t zero waste.”
11608	I started reading about murdered children, creating lists of destroyed hospitals, clinics, UN schools.
11609	“I started to gain weight around last October, November,” he said.
11610	I stepped out in the battle rapper role and into an executive role.
11611	Is that a fair assessment?
11612	Is That How This Works?
11613	Is that ok with you?”
11614	Is the Post Office open on bank holiday Friday?
11615	Is the president’s abuse of power an impeachable offense?
11616	Is There a Market Where I Can Short Liberals?
11617	Is there anything you can share that can help people deal with such emotions and thoughts?
11618	Is there a way to do it?
11619	Is the scale linear, or does 1 cm represent one year at first and 10 years afterwards, steepening curves?
11620	Is the stock a buy today?
11621	Is this flight on schedule or is there any other alternative?
11622	Is this Kevin’s way of having her prove that she loves him for himself and not his money?
11623	“I Still Believe” opened in theaters Mar. 13 and had grossed just under $10 million against a $12 million budget before marketing costs.
11624	"I still can't go to the town where I worked because of panic attacks."
11625	I still feel like I can play in one or two top leagues in the world, But if they come I'll take it, I'm not afraid of challenges.
11626	“I still get chills seeing the Stanley Cup.
11627	I still laugh when people mention ‘well done on yer award’.
11628	“I still plan on taking visits, taking my officials in the fall when that opens back up,” Harmon said.
11629	I still want to go further, get my master’s degree abroad if I am opportune.
11630	I stopped talking to people we used to know from school days.
11631	I strongly recommend to get a 2-3 months worth of food and medical supplies.
11632	Is Trump in the mix?
11633	I stumbled into a diner at Haines Junction, Yukon at daybreak which was full with elderly truckers.
11634	I support good ideas.
11635	"I support Joe Biden 100% and will work tirelessly to help get him elected this November.
11636	I suppose it is, on some level, a calculated decision for Geeta.
11637	I suppose there was no offense that would’ve produced against the Devils in 2000, but that’s probably for a different story.
11638	I survived, but only to be diagnosed with a rare and terminal bone cancer.
11639	I suspect a lot of us have thought about what really matters lately.
11640	“I suspect they’re three years behind, minimum, and so it’ll take a long time before race results have any real integrity in a competitive sense,” sports scientist Ross Tucker wrote in an email.
11641	I sympathize with fans who are mad that it “took this long” and who see this as a buried gay.
11642	Is your estimated due date correct?
11643	Is your relationship in need of a reboot?
11644	It accused them of flooding the US with cocaine and using drugs as a weapon to undermine the health of Americans.
11645	It acknowledged, however, that Turkey was doing more in recent years to counter IS as the group seeks to resurrect itself in Iraq and Syria.
11646	It added that the seven-day average for new deaths has been on the increase over the last couple of days and is now at 991.
11647	It added the government would only use the measures if needed – based on clinical and scientific advice.
11648	It adds it also intends to hear from one expert witness.
11649	It advised all members to actively participate in the mock trading to avoid any issues when the new trading software goes live.
11650	It affects many other countries where right-hand drive vehicles are produced and utilised.
11651	It ain’t a Valve game if I don’t see a little body horror first.
11652	I take special note of the fact that on May 29, the Governor of Kwara State was one of those Governors who had something to crow about.
11653	Italian regional chief sorry for saying Chinese eat ‘live mice’
11654	“Italica represents a hope for all the elderly facing this pandemic.”
11655	I talk about us as a failed state, and we’re not yet.
11656	'I talked to people before I did anything about it.
11657	“It allows us to be light on our feet, to do what we want,” says Alex Jones, joint managing director at the company alongside Belinda Campbell.
11658	It all started with a fundraising car wash one Saturday in July.
11659	It all stems from material pain, a fragile ego, an inability to cope.
11660	It also allows health officials to target resources to respond to infection “hot spots” and the resulting increased hospital admissions.
11661	It also claims to have the world’s largest indoor 4K video wall, which sportsbook vice president Jay Kornegay said measures 18 feet tall and 260 feet wide.
11662	It also comes at a pivotal time for African soccer, which has lurched from crisis to crisis under his leadership: Ahmad is seeking a new four-year term early next year, and sanctions related to any of the open cases could disqualify him from running.
11663	It also comes with a 4X zoom, a feature that’s not common in the dash cam world, and users can zoom in even when the device is recording.
11664	It also contains zinc that makes absorption of the carotenoids like Lutein and Zeaxanthin faster and easier.
11665	It also displays an ASCII art rendition of the logo related to whatever distribution it's run on, but you can turn this off if you want to see just the list of details.
11666	It also doesn’t apply during physical exercise or while eating or drinking in a designated seating area or as part of a religious ceremony.
11667	"It also enables us to accumulate more games in an accelerated format should any unexpected issues arise later in the season.
11668	It also features a 1TB hard drive for storage and a 256GB SSD for additional storage space and fast data access.
11669	It also features actors Neeraj Kabi, Gul Panag, Swastika Mukherjee and Abhishek Bannerjee in pivotal roles.
11670	It also has six families in the US struggling to return, and seven surrogates expecting in the next few months.
11671	It also means you might have unknowingly been doing just that with your prior charger, as it might jump up to 2.3 watts to look for devices, versus FreePower’s system, which pings devices much faster, and at only 1 watt.
11672	It also might be possible to collect and freeze pollen from our plants until we can share it with another institution with a titan arum.”
11673	It also moved my office to investigate this matter because nobody should have to live in fear of harassment from their neighbors,” Nassau County District Attorney said.
11674	It also notes that users will still have to provide your card’s CVC the first time you use it and that biometric authentication is completely optional.
11675	It also outlines the specific legal descriptions.
11676	It also overwhelmed organisations' email systems, and some IT managers disconnected parts of their infrastructure to prevent infection.
11677	It also presumes that Universal in fact can have its cake and eat it too, that Universal film product can be released to the home and theatres at the same time, without modification to the current economic arrangements between us.”
11678	It also prevents truth from being revealed.
11679	It also procures scotch, Whisky and few wine brands from other states.
11680	It also provided a reminder of how African football, in general, and Zimbabwean football, in particular, lags behind the real world where the business of sport has transformed itself into a multi-billion dollar industry.
11681	It also provides quick and easy access to essential information highlighting TVGE’s continuing efforts to drive gaming market growth in LATAM.
11682	It also says that at least 338,000 children have tested positive since the pandemic began.
11683	It also states that immediate action on the climate will “accelerate economic recovery and enhance social equity, through the use of new technologies and the creation of new industries and new jobs”.
11684	It also suffered some technical problems before it was won by Amir Garrett, a Cincinnati Reds pitcher, who played at home wearing his team uniform.
11685	It also suggests alternatives to save money.
11686	It also told the Supreme Court that face masks are now mandatory, and hand sanitizer is available to inmates.
11687	It also works very closely with the rock and concrete works that are coming online through the Harbour project, so it is not just a short-term thing – there will be work in this space for a long time into the future.”
11688	It also works with the Mamata Banerjee led Trinamool government.
11689	Italy can’t hold onto possession and a kick tennis tournament begins that ends with a Wales penalty for Italy offside.
11690	Italy has the most coronavirus cases of any country outside of Asia.
11691	Italy's coronavirus lockdown will be extended until April 13, Health Minister Roberto Speranza said Wednesday.
11692	Italy sided with the bloc’s farmers when it comes to colour-coded nutrition labels.
11693	Italy was at this stage just two weeks ago but has since overtaken China as the country with the most deaths after suffering a total of 4,825 fatalities.
11694	It appears he had seen too much.
11695	“It appears in regulations but without the sanctions of not wearing.
11696	It appears that government execution will remain poor thereby resulting in a rather weak economic environment.
11697	It appears the Minister does not have time to carry out his mandate.
11698	It appears these ideas are spreading nationally and internationally on social media.
11699	It appears to be hit after hit for the actor.
11700	Itâ€™s been reported that this falsetto call can be heard up to 500m away in suburbia, and twice that outside of town.
11701	Itâ€™s the contest weâ€™ve creatively decided to call The Pick Your Streaming Service and Device Giveaway.
11702	I taught him!”, and they backed down.
11703	"It basically helped me feel less alone and so I began to write about my experiences through my stories," she said.
11704	It became the keyhole through which the entire universe began to unfold.
11705	It began a phased reopening in late May, initially with carryout beer only and later transitioning to outdoor seating.
11706	It began on Dec. 31, 2019, when dozens of cases of pneumonia with unknown cause popped up in Wuhan, China.
11707	It being a high delivery industry, with no room to go wrong, the learning curve was always about ensuring clients’ satisfaction.
11708	"It breaks my heart but I never knew there was a child there," said neighbor Annabelle Jones.
11709	“It brightens up my Christmas and I get what I want from them 90 per cent of the time.”
11710	It brings jobs to communities.”
11711	It brought that city and various surrounding communities to a frigid halt.
11712	It brought the house down.
11713	It called for the government to pay compensation.
11714	It came as it was revealed just one in seven civil servants at the ministry reporting directly to Boris Johnson have returned to the office.
11715	It came from a grassy area by the Eagle’s Nest apartments.
11716	It can be achieved through people’s participation along with all stakeholders.”
11717	It can be a little hard to choose which weapon is best based off of favorites, but it is true that some weapons are definitely more useful than others.
11718	It can be a real associated with Korean.
11719	It can be helpful to build up some basic first-aid skills, and Lorance recommends “anything to reduce further trauma” as you wait for help — that might mean splinting or simply elevating the injury, or applying pressure to staunch bleeding.
11720	It can be said that all nebulizers are, in fact, diffusers, but all diffusers are not nebulizers.
11721	It can be slow going.
11722	It can be take various forms to providing the antioxidant requirement of the human body.
11723	It can be when watching real people and documentaries, there’s something fascinating about human behavior.
11724	… It can have a lot of negative connotations, and I think it strikes fear in all of us, even if we’re fond of serpents.
11725	It can only survive outside the body for a matter of hours.
11726	It can sometimes be a distraction, but, most of the time, it actually really helps me.”
11727	It can take many overt and less overt forms, none of which are acceptable.
11728	It can take up to 14 days for coronavirus symptoms to appear after having contact with someone with the illness, suggesting Hamilton most likely contracted Covid in Monaco or very shortly after arriving in Bahrain.
11729	It can’t be good.”
11730	It can then go to the Board of Trustees to borrow the funds.
11731	It can uphold the ruling by the High Court, sitting as a Constitutional Court, in which case all activities about the fresh elections will continue.
11732	"It captures the best the Otago market has to offer.
11733	It certainly isn’t related to all our homemade meals.
11734	It comes after widespread criticism of the way many press outlets covered news of Flack’s arrest.
11735	It comes as Housing Secretary Robert Jenrick defended driving 150 miles to his second home after claiming he was delivering meds to his elderly parents.
11736	It comes as yesterday Tories were predicting Cummings could be next out of the Downing Street door today after an extraordinary civil war erupted in public - threatening to derail Boris Johnson's desperate struggle to control coronavirus.
11737	It comes in different shapes and colors.
11738	It comes in different widths but the standard is fairly wide already and supremely comfortable.
11739	It continues: “Club houses, restaurants and bars will remain closed.
11740	It continues Monday with the Republican U.S. House candidates for District 14. Also at 10 a.m. on Monday: The Democratic Public Service Commission candidates.
11741	It continues to be shared widely today.
11742	It contributed £4.5 billion to the UK economy.
11743	It costs the guests a pretty penny to ensure they are taken care of in the entitled manner each group is used to.
11744	“It could be a risk for us too, but it is a social responsibility, much like health workers,” he added.
11745	It could be as soon as next week.
11746	It could be lower.”
11747	It could be more complete.”
11748	It could double down on Ghosn’s strategy of chasing pure volume or it could pursue something similar to what Mazda does, which is concede that it is a small player in the game and go niche.
11749	It could even retain the best aspect of Iowa and New Hampshire: the emphasis on in-person politics that a small state demands.
11750	It could look one way in January and completely unrelatable in April.
11751	“It couldn’t be repaired in a timely manner, and we were lucky enough to get a donor vehicle from BWI to use while repairs were being done,” he said.
11752	It could probably help to reduce the stay in hospital and amount of virus.’
11753	It could take consumers some time before they are willing to go out to bars and restaurants again.
11754	It dedicates 30% of the excise tax, up to $10 million per year, to education and prevention efforts.
11755	"It did change a lot.
11756	It did not include a percentage of men.
11757	It didn’t feel like rain as it was warm and sticky.
11758	It didn’t go that way.
11759	It didn’t have hot water when the inspector arrived, but a plumber fixed the problem before the inspection was over so the restaurant was not closed.
11760	“It died long ago … and I do not see any new airline born out of this carcass,” he said.
11761	It directs that there be reduction in frequency of bringing people together for meetings, adding wherever possible issues should be discussed via Internet or other facilities.
11762	It disclosed that the infections were reported from 10 states and the Federal Capital Territory(FCT) in the last 24 hours.
11763	It does, but I was surprised that there wasn’t a bit more texture to the gunplay.
11764	It does get overwhelming, but the job must go on, that’s just life.”
11765	It does not indicate how quickly an epidemic is changing and different diseases with the same R can result in epidemics that grow at very different speeds.
11766	It does not mandate masks for students, though they are “encouraged.”
11767	“It does not matter what party you come from.
11768	It doesn’t bother me because when your time’s up, your time’s up.
11769	It doesn’t feel safer to anyone,” said Ted Rowley, 59, of Marion.
11770	It doesn’t help going against the Seahawks defense, which is actually stingy against the run (fifth-best in yards-per-carry).
11771	It doesn’t help that the Trump administration, as part of its general war against science and expertise, has seriously reduced America’s capacity to respond if we do face a dangerous pandemic.
11772	It doesn't look like much at face value, but once you delve into you realize how unique and incredible this game is.
11773	"It doesn't matter what words are coming out of our mouth, they're feeling the energy that's under that.
11774	'It doesn't mean I'm striving for world domination.'
11775	It doesn't take a genius to see how this could end.
11776	“It does seem fairly clear that the proper remedy would be to sever the mandate provision and leave the rest of the act in place,” Kavanaugh said.
11777	It draws looks when used in public.
11778	It earned the title of "independent press" by reflecting the daily experience of the country's population and their socio-economic difficulties, as well as reflecting opposition views, which were censored by the state.
11779	I tell him about my friend Iggy and his knee.
11780	It emptied their pocket change — a $5 million fine for the organization.
11781	Items include razor puzzle boxes and gremlin “lockpicks” with teeth that actually damage objects – hilarious.
11782	Items needed include flour, sugar, canned pumpkin, canned sweet potatoes, box stuffing mix, cereal, canned vegetables and fruits, baking spices, turkey gravy, canned cranberry sauce and other nonperishable goods.
11783	It ends with totemic foods like cranberries and, yes, pigs in blankets.
11784	It establishes a $25 billion fund and frees up other money intended to help the service cope with added expenses of COVID-19.
11785	It estimated to be in the high 50s with rain in New York City this year, while some years the weather is much colder than that.
11786	It exploited four zero-day flaws in Windows machines, which controlled the centrifuges Iran used to create nuclear material that can be used in nuclear weapons.
11787	It features a bridge with Asian culture-inspired architecture and fauna around it.
11788	It features four card slots, two on each side, and central cash pocket to ensure you don’t sacrifice any pocket space.
11789	“It feels divisive, like parent pitted against teacher, and we know that’s not true,” said Jaffee.
11790	It feels like a good time for this feel-good musical to come our way.
11791	“It feels really good to have the opportunity to have my dream show.”
11792	It felt good to hear the chants supporters normally yell out during games.
11793	It flies to destinations across Europe and North Africa, as well as to particular cities in the Americas.
11794	It focuses on how the local government policy supports regional food systems.
11795	It follows a dramatic fall in domestic and international travel, which has hit the company’s sites based at railway stations and airports.
11796	It follows a series of cases involving students at the university, two of whom had cases dropped.
11797	It found that at most 67 noncitizens registered or attempted to register in Kansas in the last 19 years.
11798	It gave her a little hope, she said, until the mix-up was discovered.
11799	It gives me chills to write this, because I know there’s a little grief in all of us these days.
11800	“It goes back to everything happens for a reason.
11801	It goes without saying that “Covid na all man bizness”.
11802	It goes without saying the Republican Party is no friend to those fighting to end systemic racism as they actively foster racial tension and xenophobia in their ranks.
11803	It gradually gained strength within the Conservative Party, which has a wing of fierce "euroskeptics" – opponents of EU membership.
11804	It had 15 combat divisions, versus the U.S. Army’s 10 divisions today.
11805	It had a successful release week with 1.3 million downloads between Android and iOS, coming on the heels of backlash from hardcore fans against for Game Freak’s alleged shortcomings on the games’ development.
11806	It had more pieces of mushrooms and perhaps a richer, more meaty sauce, but it was a case where more wasn’t necessarily better.
11807	It had nothing to do with a narrator and executive producer's imaginary squabbles, and to argue otherwise is foolish at best.
11808	It hadn’t occurred to me at all to do anything.
11809	“I thank all British Columbians who are doing their part by staying alert for potential fire risks and taking open burning prohibitions seriously,” said Doug Donaldson, Minister of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development.
11810	“I thank Kempton Park residents for the massive support and donations which have changed a lot of people’s lives.
11811	“I thank you for your trust, patience, and prayers.
11812	It happened Thursday at 10 p.m. on the corner of Adam Street and Viau Street in the city's Mercier-Hochelaga-Maisonneuve borough.
11813	It has a bit of everything in it and the writing is brilliant.
11814	It has a calming effect and can be very effective in difficult and heated discussions and meetings.
11815	“It has affected me and my spirituality,” he said.
11816	It has a lot of the same tracking capabilities, plus the long battery life.
11817	"It has already happened in the previous two elections," BenDor said, referring to Michigan's March presidential and August state primaries.
11818	It has also issued an advisory regarding COVID-19 for all functionaries for centre managements which the NTA claims is based on MHRD’s guidelines.
11819	It has also supplied commercial fuel cell vehicles as prototypes.
11820	It has also supported efforts by Europe to diversify its imports of LNG from other sources, including Norway.
11821	It has also triggered a new bill aimed at cracking down on suicide coercion.
11822	It has an inventory cargo space of 20 slots, a tech slot space of six, and costs 12 million credits to buy outright.
11823	It has a set of bright red feathers on its wings and back that represent the red of Count Dracula's cape, while its bald, black head resembles Dracula's slicked-back hairstyle.
11824	It has been 75 years since 1944 and memorial events for the various decisive battles are held across the world.
11825	It has been alleged that Jojo Frimpong Boateng, through Ekow Ewusi, took custody of a number of seized excavators to use for his own mining activities at a time his father was said to be looking for the missing excavators.
11826	It has been a royal residence since 1792 and was built in around 1680 by Charles II's architect.
11827	“It has been a very gradual process learning to live with still having a tumour, as well as realising it would not kill me.
11828	“It has been a very long road for us.
11829	It has been clear from the teaser that the new smartphone of Micromax will come with a gradient finish.
11830	It has been determined that an explosive device caused the crash in the Scottish town of Lockerbie.”
11831	It has been for 20 years that Jag-Dalak is under control of the government, but it seems the Taliban are trying to overrun it, he added.
11832	It has been hit and miss in that area and we now we want to make it an assembly line.
11833	It has been Pope unfurling the ramps and reverse pulls in this series.
11834	It has been really encouraging," she added.
11835	"It has caused his family further and extreme distress during this difficult time."
11836	It has changed the world of dance in so many ways,” Anderson told African-American News&Issues.
11837	It has come from the top.
11838	It has empowered deputy commissioners (DCs) and other senior officers to enforce stringent measures, including тАЬsealing of the geographical areasтАЭ and тАЬbanning entry-exit of the population from the containment areaтАЭ.
11839	It has, however, not managed to generate sufficient revenue from renting and leasing the property, with other properties such as the one in Muthurwa being occupied free of charge.
11840	It has it all - wide server coverage, strong security, top speeds, and access to Netflix.
11841	It has more than enough room for all the amenities, including a swim-up bar in the pool, a wine room that can store over 800 bottles, and of course a movie theater.
11842	It has native YouTube and it'll also connect to Nest devices, as you'd expect, making for a competitive alternative.
11843	It has nothing to do with our age, but with how curious we are.
11844	It has now resumed in-person teaching.
11845	It hasn’t passed that threshold since 1946.
11846	It has previously said it would take 56 days to complete the season, including play-offs.
11847	It has registered 25,500 cases and 882 deaths.
11848	It has remained the major U.S. facility for the instruction of foreign languages for military purposes.
11849	It has since accused the EU of failing to honor the agreement, and Erdogan has frequently threatened to allow refugees and migrants to head to Europe unless more international support was provided.
11850	It has since expended the restrictions to travelers from Louisiana.
11851	It has slipped from 3rd position to 16th.
11852	"It has that great spring break/summer vibe that gets you in a good mood," he said.
11853	It has the date for my second jab – January 7, which just happens to be my 85th birthday.
11854	It has the feeling that tragedy could be right around the corner.
11855	It has two additional candidates in IND-enabling development.
11856	“It has typical southern U.S. long-grain cooking quality.
11857	It has until the end of December to spend these federal funds.
11858	It helped me find what I’m passionate about.
11859	It helps farmers balance putting enough nitrogen on a field with protecting environmental quality.
11860	It helps get us energized and gets us back to doing what we do best, which is saving lives,” Sandberg said.
11861	It helps my kitchen running and helps me choose my acting project.
11862	It helps to reduce the market volatility impact.
11863	It helps to start with what makes mobile devices so fundamentally distracting.
11864	It helps us get up in the morning, put our uniform on, and go out and do the job we’re supposed to do,” Lieutenant Chris Long said.
11865	It hides not only from God, but from the truth about itself.
11866	“I think all too often there’s a sense of the same old thing and my vote doesn’t matter, my vote doesn’t count.
11867	I think a lot of adults who had been children who grew up in traumatic circumstances must relate to me, where they are really good in moments of crisis and they become like Neo in —they just become fucking robots.
11868	"I think, a lot of times, people think, oh, being a woman, if you're going to make it, you have to be tough and whatever.
11869	“I think as we get into spring, we will start seeing people take the plunge.
11870	“I think as we’re going through college, it’s really easy to be sheltered from the issue of incarceration, unless you have some lived experience,” Ashley Trube ’22 said.
11871	“I think at some point, we will want to, as a species, have a discussion about how involved A.I. will be in art,” said Grimes over Zoom.
11872	I think Biden’s temperament and demographic profile allowed him to get a bit angrier than, say, Hillary Clinton could when facing off against Trump in 2016.
11873	I think both parties are interested in something long term. I’m more than OK with kind of just getting my feet wet and just playing it out.”
11874	I think everyone is.”
11875	“I think everyone is wanting clothes to wear at home and outside, we are now just living this new reality and I want to have a line that really reflects home life as much as it does public life.”
11876	“I think every song on an album matters,” he says.
11877	I think for everybody.
11878	“I think from our standpoint, the people who were around are people who would be in the contact tracing web anyway.
11879	I think Gus would do that.
11880	"I think he can restore the lost soul of English football through his integrity, his commitment to attractive football and maybe his humility as well."
11881	"I think her confidence comes from her being completely unapologetic of who she is," Nash explained.
11882	“I think holding onto it is very very good because it means that if something was to happen in the future, and who knows what might happen in the future, circumstances might change and they might want to come back.
11883	I think I got to three, and I thought I may never wake up now - that could be me gone.
11884	I think I had one on Instagram, (they) compared the decorations on the tree.
11885	"I think I have returned hungrier and I need to continue fighting.
11886	I think I made a big deal.
11887	“I think in football these things happen.
11888	“I think in light of her combative and insulting comments about many members of the Senate, mainly on our side of the aisle, that it creates certainly a problematic path to confirmation.”
11889	I think it depends on the person and the generation and how you interpret the art form.
11890	I think it is Brady’s turn.
11891	"I think it is more important that if we want to change the future, that we have to be at the forefront of wanting those changes, because we see the benefits that will be derived from it," he said.
11892	“I think it’ll be more difficult for Hall of Famers to get in it and stay in it, just for the fact that most of the coaches don’t like that respect leaving that room or that area and going to somewhere else,” Woodson said.
11893	"I think it's awesome to get to say we built the first bombs for the F-35s that are here at Eielson."
11894	I think it’s crucial for white trans folks to understand this intersection, just as I’m sure Black & Brown trans folks would say it’s crucial for cis Black & Brown folks to understand this intersection.
11895	“I think it’s going to be good,” he said.
11896	… I think it’s just a comfort level for me.
11897	I think it’s just a process that we need to complete at a certain stage‚ maybe after six or seven games.
11898	“I think it’s more fundamental than that.”
11899	I think it's so funny and so powerful."
11900	″I think it’s something that we have to use in our favor.
11901	“I think it’s too early to worry,” Sumner said of the future of businesses and restaurants.
11902	“I think it’s very important for us as activists not to fall into the conversation that blames ‘Black on Black’ violence,'” Powell said.
11903	“I think it would lift spirits of the nation and people would like to see us get back to work and children can go to school safely but also pastimes like sport,” Raab said during a government press conference.
11904	"I think Mac has done a great job really representing the interests of this district," he said.
11905	I think Morrison is lucky he can put the blame on something else besides his own government's mismanagement.
11906	“I think most people are staying home and only going out when they need to.”
11907	“I think most people are trying to find something they can do to help in this public emergency, and giving blood is one way people can do that.”
11908	I think most want to see a change at the back up QB in Minnesota, and with the Vikings actually using a draft pick on one, fans will finally see it.
11909	"I think often players, they understand when they're on the floor, they're saying certain things to each other because it's so loud in the arena, they know a lot of it is not being picked up," Silver said.
11910	“I think parents and teachers deserve much more from the premier than those comments.”
11911	I think part of the problem is a huge percentage of many who are also white, have never been attacked by cops, never been harassed at work, never been bullied in school, never lived under a dictatorship.
11912	I think perhaps you didn’t predict the level of the funding from the West that China would receive for the Communist Party to sustain itself.
11913	“I think really she’s probably running around the forest somewhere having a great time (following the events of ‘The Rise of Skywalker’).”
11914	I think seeing the clients’ success is my motivation.
11915	I think stokvels have historically been a very cash-heavy savings group, where money was collected for a particular cause.
11916	I think that anytime you lean into anything, somebody is going to say, “Oh, you’re leaning into the Jewish stereotype.”
11917	I think that discussion has to take place.”
11918	I think that's a very positive effect."
11919	I think that's the biggest question, because right now, locally, the access is for folks that are showing symptoms," says Kirsten Brinlee, the executive director of the Baltimore Collegetown Network, which works with 13 schools in the Baltimore area.
11920	I think that the ultimate destination of the United States, if these trends are not arrested, is some cross between Brazil and Argentina.
11921	I think that they have a very good combination: you get to choose your private insurer, you get to choose your primary care doctor.
11922	“I think that this topic is something that … is always lit within us,” said Jarrett.
11923	I think that was the strongest takeaway.”
11924	I think that we all should be excited about mental health," Syleena sarcastically weighed in on the matter.
11925	“I think that we have the room to help people,” she said.
11926	“I think that we ought to stay the course right now,” the Democrat told reporters on a telephone conference call.
11927	I think that would be really difficult to be honest, but a lot of fun.
11928	"I think the idea was to try to show that the vice president wasn't up to the task, could be rattled."
11929	"I think the Japanese government will look at all of the developments over coming weeks," he said.
11930	“I think the original ‘Monsoon’ version has a magic to it, because we didn’t have experience,” says Tom.
11931	"I think the people of Charleston are ready for a change," she said.
11932	“I think the players would not want the schedule to be compressed any more.
11933	“I think there is a definite need for more research.
11934	I think there's a lot of placebo effect happening with this stuff - or at least, people being overly optimistic about how much it actually affects them.
11935	"I think there's a lot of unease of being the first to open in what could potentially create a second wave or unflatten that curve," said Katy Ingraham, owner of the Cartago neighbourhood pub in Forest Heights.
11936	“I think there’s this weird thing that happens, at least it happened in my personal life, as a man when you approach 30, and a little bit past that.
11937	“I think there were a lot of people who were three months ago were looking into this and thinking by new years we’ll be through this,” Fletcher said.
11938	“I think the transmission rate and the infection rate have to go way down.
11939	I think the USTA and everyone involved have done a good job to keep their eye on the bubble and to enforce all the regulations.’
11940	I think the whole parking spot situation kind of showed them how I relate to my sexuality, and that relationship was the reason they decided to expel me."
11941	“I think this bye week came at the perfect time for Baltimore to sort through some things offensively and to determine who they are going to be on that side of the ball.
11942	I think this is a real coup for the company, despite the fact that they seated you with a bunch of Lakers fans.
11943	I think this is more defensible than Trumpworld claims.
11944	"I think this is really important to equip the next generation with the most important tool, which is their vote," Pham says.
11945	I think this is something I emphasize a lot in the paper.
11946	“I think this is the real challenge we have,” Dr. Umair Shah, executive director of Harris County Public Health, told CNN Saturday.
11947	I think this season will be finished," De Bruyne told Belgian daily Het Laatste Nieuws.
11948	I think this should be amended to four times to include the farking plague.
11949	"I think this will end up in the Supreme Court, and I think it's very important we have nine justices," Trump said on Thursday (AEST) when speaking about a possible legal battle over the legitimacy of mail-in ballots.
11950	“I think using it to unite people rather than align with a potentially very divisive and problematic organization, can really hurt our efforts to root out any racism.
11951	I think we are burdened by a long history of racial injustice.”
11952	“I think we can be confident that we are bending the curve here in Utah with our social distancing method,” Dunn said.
11953	I think we can take Geddy Lee at his word when he says there is no Rush without Peart.
11954	I think we could have made it work if we would really put the effort in.”
11955	I think we got the Nabeyaki Udon, which traditionally includes chicken, kamaboko (fish cake), mushrooms, and vegetables such as spinach, long green onion (Negi), and carrot.
11956	“I think we have an opportunity now that we didn’t have before.”
11957	“I think we really approach the child fully in the healthiest way possible,” Blackwell said.
11958	I think we're losing 100,000 people if we're lucky and god help us if exposure doesn't concur robust immunity.
11959	“I think we’re probably more at risk on our days away from here than we are here,” Lincoln said.
11960	“I think we should try to be optimistic about the survival of the overall economic well-being of the country.
11961	“I think we still have a growing and rich gaming and creator market, and at that level we've done H-series processors, which more people utilise for higher I/O counts and higher scalability on frequency.
11962	I think when the Jazz stay home on the Nuggets cuts, forcing them to play a two man game, they’re not able to make plays that they’re used to making.
11963	I think you're speaking to something.
11964	I think you won't find an editor out there who's looking to cut.
11965	It hopes to provide new school supplies for 200-300 local children.
11966	"I thought about calling a timeout but I trusted our guys to execute and before we knew it, it was a four-point game.
11967	I thought as much too.
11968	I thought Guinness stopped doing stupid stunt records.
11969	I thought I boxed a lot smarter this time.
11970	I thought, I could probably do something with this.
11971	"I thought if I could do something that was really comfortable, that’s beautifully designed and a bit of fun, then maybe it will make people more accepting of them."
11972	“I thought it would be a fun way to do a western pulp thing that was relevant to what was going on in the world right now,” he says.
11973	“I thought, ‘oh my god, the dingbat parked in Bud’s spot.'
11974	“I thought, ‘That guy looks like me!’
11975	I thought that my photos of my children with small wooden rifles would upset some vegans but not yet.
11976	I thought the goal of the bill was good.
11977	“I thought, ‘This is not a choice.
11978	"I thought we competed much better," Pitino said.
11979	I thought we might have a shot at having the highest attendance record but not the highest grossing tour.”
11980	It hurt more than it helped, once it became apparent that the time to return to Free Swim/All Lanes Open would keep shifting.
11981	'It hurts because seeing athletes who have regular feet, regular movements, they can score a goal and celebrate,' he admits.
11982	It hurts so bad,” Lizzo says in the clip before attempting to peel it off.
11983	It included the famous line that there “were three of us in this marriage”, referring to Charles’s relationship with his now second wife, Camilla Parker-Bowles.
11984	It includes education about many of the things that H.B. 213 aims to address, such as the role of intoxication and the withdrawal of consent.
11985	It includes money for minority communities to bolster childcare, healthcare, housing and training for coronavirus-related jobs such as contact tracing and administering tests.
11986	It includes over 20 points of articulation for high poseability, swappable heads of the Ranger with and without her helmet, multiple, character-inspired accessories, and an extra pair of hands for more ways to play or display.
11987	It initially seems like the person that could be behind the sinister activity is Taylor (Toby Huss)—the person that they rent the house from—but he's the first one to become a victim in the film.
11988	It is 100% certain that the movie business of 2019 is never coming back."
11989	It is about taking warriors and offering them new solutions like yoga and tai chi, things that get at the source of their distress.
11990	'It is about the decision itself and how the Government has arrived at that decision.
11991	It is a comfort to think that her body helped medical science, and perhaps kept someone alive.
11992	“It is a corporal work of mercy and has been a hallmark of being a follower of Christ from the first generation of believers,” he said.
11993	It is a country in which the worlds most cruel and heartless sadists are in power and the people appear to like it just like that.
11994	“It is a huge deal, and we’re proud of him and everything he has done for us in the garrison,” Norman said.
11995	It is a lesson that may be a bit more obvious during this time of COVID.
11996	It is a little late in the game to cry foul at this point.
11997	“It is all a bit non-sensical at present and the main focus for the members has been to focus on the sustenance of Pirates Sports Club as a whole.”
11998	It is alleged that Batchelor, 39, seized the first man’s body before placing his arms around his neck and robbing him of £14.90 in a common stairwell in Bonnethill Court.
11999	It is alleged that in the afternoon of September 23 a "hold and secure" was put into effect at Chippewa because of a medical emergency.
12000	It is alleged that they caused a commotion when they refused to join a queue of people outside an ATM.
12001	"It is all from the bottom up.
12002	It is also a first for SpaceX, which has ambitions of someday taking paying customers zooming around the Earth.
12003	It is also being said that these might be the first smartphones from the company to feature wireless charging.
12004	It is also developing BXCL502, a novel approach to the treatment of symptoms resulting from neurological disorders; and BXCL702, an immuno-oncology agent for hematological malignancies.
12005	It is also helping to make sure the city’s most vulnerable are not forgotten amid the pandemic.
12006	It is also possible to download dubbed pictures in the language of your choice out of here.
12007	It is also the most commonly used medium for online gambling, sports betting, and for using the internet in general.
12008	“It is always a great honour to be associated with Blue Ribbon Day and to provide whatever assistance I can to this wonderful cause.
12009	It is always difficult to determine after a targeted killing whether a threat actually was imminent.
12010	It is an absolutely laughable excuse for a laughable party.
12011	It is and that is our job as an actor.
12012	It is an infamously basic rom-com, using all the clichés in the book to make the unlikely couple fall in love before the credits roll.
12013	It is another body blow for Shannon, which had been hopeful of a positive 2020, up until Covid-19 struck.
12014	It is an unverified historical belief that bear and bull markets were named after the way in which a bear and bull attacks.
12015	It is a personal commitment.
12016	It is a pure love story between me and the craft,” says actor Manoj Bajpayee who will soon be seen in the second season of ‘Family Man’.
12017	It is a racist LGBTQ Hate group.
12018	It is a red card.
12019	It is a shelter program of a longer stay than most other programs in the area.
12020	“It is a significant step forward in the fight against this pandemic that is causing suffering and hardship,” EMA chief Emer Cooke told an online press conference as she announced the decision to recommend the vaccine.
12021	It is a thing of inspiration to the legal profession in Nigeria.
12022	It is a vehicle for advancing unity, self-determination, freedom, progress and collective prosperity.
12023	“It is a very different thing to be on the outside looking in as opposed to the inside looking out.”
12024	It is a wholesale rejection that cuts to the core.”
12025	It is because of these grim details that RIAC has communicated to the mayor that his dialogue regarding the statue’s cultural implications has not adequately included Indigenous individuals.
12026	It is being said that Salman is unhappy with Sidharth winning the controversial reality show.
12027	"It is believed that by mutilating the girl's genital organs, her sexuality will be controlled and her virginity before marriage will be guaranteed.
12028	It is believed that over 40 worshipers including children are still trapped under the four-storey uncompleted Church building whose construction started a decade ago as a branch of the Church of Prosperity founded by Akoa Isaac.
12029	It is believed that the song is destined to resonate with fans as various social media platforms have been lit up with the tract just few days after its release.
12030	It is believed to have been taken by a woman during a hospital visit.
12031	It is better to understand the most obvious advantage of this type of trading.
12032	It is called progressive education.
12033	"It is clearly stated in the Koran that no person can be forced to renounce their faith and embrace Islam," he said.
12034	“It is clear that the president and his lieutenants did not exhaust the opportunities for dialogue with the protesters before resorting to the use of force.
12035	“It is clear that the spread of the coronavirus is having serious consequences for Canadian families, and for the Canadian economy,” BOC said, adding lower oil prices will weigh heavily on the economy, particularly in energy intensive regions.
12036	It is cliché to assert that a plumber, electrician, builder, welder, or mechanic, great at their skill, will not face too many unemployment challenges.
12037	It is Councillor Redman’s final point, however, that demonstrates his blinkered sycophancy.
12038	It is designed to encourage intending pilgrims to save towards actualising their dreams of performing the Holy pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia as enshrined in the Holy Qur’an within a specified period of time.
12039	“It is difficult to understand what one’s motivation might be for that.
12040	It is disappointing that there is no direct advocate for the club playing population but it is very positive to see four doctors on the Group.
12041	It is easy for offenders to hide when activities are invisible and run across jurisdictions.
12042	It is eerily fitting that last Saturday’s centennial of modern jazz genius Charlie Parker’s birth should have fallen in the midst of a global pandemic.
12043	"It is encouraging that the CBD post-2020-draft includes genetic diversity in one of five main goals.
12044	"It is enormously sad to lose Katia, who was a vibrant and talented person and an incredible athlete,” Chesterman said.
12045	It is expected that filming may begin soon so we could get some sort of formal announcement from Lucasfilm regarding the show.
12046	It is expected that Sona’s gold nanotechnologies may be adapted for use in applications, as a safe and effective delivery system for multiple medical treatments, pending the approval of various regulatory boards including Health Canada and the FDA.
12047	It is for this reason the United Nations Country Team in Kenya is offering communications support – amongst other initiatives – to the Ministry of Health in its current commendable response to the problem.
12048	It is genuinely good for your health.
12049	“It is going to be a magnet and essential stop for visitors to the OR Tambo cultural precinct, which is doing so much to preserve the legacy of our great leader.”
12050	“It is good to seek medical attention early so that diseases can be controlled early than to wait until one has deteriorated,” she said.
12051	It is hard to imagine a more stupid or implausible idea.
12052	"It is heartbreaking and more pragmatically it is also bad practice for the economy, the community and everyone's lives if someone can't contribute because of some artificial barrier placed in their way," he said.
12053	It is helmed by Ryan Eggold, who viewers will remember from “The Blacklist” series.
12054	It is highly unusual for banks to allow companies to purchase their debt at a discount.
12055	It is hoped it can be rescheduled for next Saturday.
12056	It is hoped that the osprey — which became extinct in large swathes of western Europe in the early 19th century — will re-establish a population in Poole Harbour.
12057	It is, however, important to remember that, as with any betting activity, everything is based on chance.
12058	It is how everyone has come around with this situation and played the way they would in front of a full stadium,” he said.
12059	“It is immoral to target China with rumors and slanders in the absence of any evidence.”
12060	“It is imperative to me that all Irvington residents receive all information regarding this pandemic via every mechanism possible from social media, to direct mail, to having police and fire patrol our streets with bull horns,” Vauss said.
12061	It is important for people to maintain their health when they are stuck at home, Kotleski said.
12062	It is important to have a place where we can disagree and still hold discussions," he said.
12063	It is insatiable, unstoppable, the worst, blackest kind of evil.”
12064	It is insisting Britain uphold European standards — even if they change in the future — as the price of its goods having unfettered access to the EU’s vast single market.
12065	It is ironic that Julius Malema who launched the vitriolic attack on De Klerk, threatened to commit a real crime against humanity when he said on 7 November 2016 that “We are not calling for the slaughtering of white people – at least not now.”
12066	It is just a few months after Thor and other members of Norway's Nature and Youth group - environmentalists under the age of 25 - lost the first round of what has become a long-running legal fight with the Norwegian state over oil.
12067	It is just the second death reported in Cote-Nord since the start of the pandemic.
12068	It is led by entrepreneur Greg Deldicque, an HVACR industry veteran, and supported by long-time senior advisors Didier Da Costa, Eric Parrot, and Jean-Pierre Xiberras.
12069	It is left for the party to do the correct thing and not do imposition or the members will react accordingly,"
12070	It is like music to their ears when Kennedy, who is fluent in Spanish, speaks to them in their native tongue.
12071	“It is long past time for the United States to return to a position of respect in the world and to lead with the power of our example.
12072	It is lost on none of them that their bratty broadcast baby opened the door to virtually all boundary-stretching, “Adult Swim”-type cartooning since.
12073	It is more about GE seed companies and weedicide manufactures seeking to leverage a highly lucrative market.
12074	“It is more efficient remotely so in this post-COVID world I see the opportunity to make better hiring decisions because they are hiring the whole person,” he says.
12075	"It is more important than ever that state and territory governments act to urgently phase out unnecessary plastics like disposable plastic cutlery, cups and takeaway containers," he said.
12076	It is more of a family show with people treating others with kindness which is what we all need to do a better job of doing!
12077	It is most aggressive in young poults but the economic impact is felt most in young adults approaching market age which fail to gain weight at an acceptable rate, thus lessening their overall value.
12078	It is much easier to enjoy the blessings of this career when you are able to stand on another source for financial independence, stability and your future.
12079	It is my life and in the same way I have lived, I will chose how it ends.
12080	It is my privilege to address the nation as we mark this year's Africa Anti-Corruption Day.
12081	It is mystifying that the judge would associate Mr. Manly Spaine esq. and Basma & Macauley with “acts of corruption, abuse of office, maladministration and lack of accountability” for receiving what was contractually agreed would be their legal fees.
12082	It is necessary to remember that Senators Bill Frist and Russ Feingold introduced the Bill on Zimbabwe on March 8 2001 which was co-sponsored by Senators Frist, Jesse Helms, Hilary Clinton and Joseph Biden.
12083	It is needless to remind us how many women have lost their will and lives after placing them in the hands of some haughty men bearing the title-husband.
12084	It is not a back-door mechanism to weaken the yuan generally, I believe.
12085	It is not an ideal situation, but this couple realizes that, despite mutual resentments, raising healthy, happy children is a shared goal.
12086	It is not appreciated enough for instance that there are correctives in the traditional and social media that serious-minded people can engage to remove the excesses of the baser interveners in public discourses!
12087	It is not as if Solskjaer was limited in his number of substitutions – with five available in the Champions League – or as if adequate replacements were not on hand.
12088	It is not clear when Kardashian developed her product or how it differs from Sitt’s product.
12089	It is not clear whether any of these individuals resided in Ottawa.
12090	It is not clear who Elliott would like Dorsey replaced with and how big its stake in Twitter is.
12091	"It is noteworthy that these three scenarios are possible outcomes, not most likely outcomes," Wang cautions in the paper.
12092	It is not globalism that any longer serves China’s interest.
12093	It is not going to bankrupt a business to turn a 35% profit instead of 50% profit.
12094	It is not just about winning.
12095	It is not known when ASOS introduced its new safety measures.
12096	It is not often you get to see an old woman embracing her sexiness.
12097	It is not the only recent urgent warning.
12098	It is not without precedent.
12099	“It is now clear the international community no longer cares about victims of state orchestrated mass murder like what obtained in Obigbo.
12100	“It is now in his time of need that we have to stand up for Ken and show him he has our support.”
12101	It is no wonder that PP clinics are located in minority communities.
12102	It is now so bad that I am thinking of making myself wine coupons that can only be redeemed on certain days of the week and only one coupon per day!
12103	It is obvious that the crime situation is massively out of control, and reinforcement is required from the Police Force, the GDF, the People’s Militia, the Neighbourhood Watch Committees, the private security firms, and the public at large.
12104	It is often in hindsight that I best see the Holy Spirit’s grace in a situation but as I grow in faith, I begin to see it more clearly in the moment.
12105	It is often used for police roles, as well as offshore oil rig worker and military troop transportation.
12106	It is one of 22 People of Praise branches, headquartered in South Bend Ind., where the Barretts live.
12107	It is one of pending issues so that the Constitutional Convention, for which 79% of voters spoke in October 25´s momentous plebiscite, is as representative as possible, considering that the indigenous people represent just over 12% of Chile’s population.
12108	It is only a naked man, dancing in the dead of the night, abusing a clusters of well clothed fellow will pray that a good morning never comes.
12109	It is open Tuesday through Saturday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.
12110	It is our privilege to play a part in that journey, providing Texans with safe, reliable water that you can trust.
12111	It is our responsibility to support those in need of help during these tough times… which is why the Dharma family has come together to support these notable causes in their mission to aid and provide relief during the lockdown.
12112	It is perhaps only in Nigeria that employees pay for the tools with which they work for the employer.
12113	It is planned to open the barrel when peace is established between the two countries.
12114	It is predicted that there will be over 70 million smart home households by 2023.
12115	It is probably not the best idea to admit your deep feelings to someone who you are dating casually for a short while.
12116	It is pure evil and was utterly unthinkable 100 years ago.
12117	It is really amazing how, in just a few days, the staff have been able to adapt the way they serve their clients.
12118	“It is really important that the city has a thriving retail unit at such an important entrance to the city.
12119	“It is really important that we understand the perspective of the people who are experiencing and living through this moment in history.’
12120	It is Saif's first solo entertainer making it to the Saudi market.
12121	It is so blatant yet those in the groups seem to commit to completely.
12122	“It is so important that we with open hearts and minds.
12123	It is sometimes an offensive SA stereotype, but broadness of hips is the defining feature of Mzansi women.
12124	It is still, again, the world’s most popular fast-food chain.
12125	It is still necessary for people to stay home in line with the regulation four guidelines, to wash their hands and to practice social distancing,” said Premier Alan Winde in a statement.
12126	It is stronger now, and that is a compliment to the current members of our faculty who found these people and then recruited them.
12127	It is such an improvement on what we had before and will certainly encourage more to read.’
12128	It is suspicious of any organization that could potentially pose challenge to its rule, including big private enterprises.
12129	“It is that character of a man who dedicated himself to the service to humanity, among other good characters of his that we all will miss about the late Chief Akindele.
12130	It is the beginning of a new era in our sector."
12131	It is the first time the United States has had widespread federally mandated paid leave, and includes people who don’t typically get such benefits, like part-time and gig economy workers.
12132	It is their contention that the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 is discriminatory against the Muslims.
12133	It is the reason we deserve to live in poverty and the reason we’re overrepresented in the prison population.
12134	“It is the responsibility of individual operators and patrons to play their part in complying with Covid-19 safety protocols.
12135	It is the second harrowing blow to the Australian winter sports community this month after Pullin, an Olympic snowboarder, died on a beach in Queensland.
12136	“It is the worst I have seen and my parents have seen,” he said.
12137	It is time for the value you see in us on election day to carry over on a daily basis.”
12138	It is time to reveal outside the DC beltway the name of the one person who started the most recent of several impeachment parades, Eric Ciaramella.
12139	It is to check if there is any kind of infection, as people with low immunity could be more susceptible.
12140	It is unclear precisely how Iraq would move to drive down the militia attacks, and how quickly the Iraqis could take the necessary action.
12141	It is unclear where the chopper departed from or where it was headed.
12142	It is unclear where the second match will be played and even if Madrid make it past City (without captain Ramos, who is suspended), it seems that the rest of the continental competition is more likely to be staged at a neutral venue with one-off games.
12143	It is unclear why Apple might have had a change of heart, but perhaps they could be looking to avoid more legal issues, since it appears that terminating this feature has nothing to do with the lawsuit between Apple and Epic over the App Store issue.
12144	It is understood that Amazon is removing the items from sale.
12145	It is understood the boy fell from a height, but it is unclear what he fell from or how high the fall was.
12146	It is understood the next deputy premier must come from the Left faction, which holds 24 of the caucus' 47 votes.
12147	It is unusual to put up a 50-foot-pole in an area like The Point.
12148	It is up to the latter to propose EU subsidy measures.
12149	It is up to you whether you wish to pay for such services.
12150	It is urging people not to delay checks or treatment during the second wave of the virus.
12151	It is usually not currently possible to buy alternative cryptocurrencies such as Pinkcoin directly using US dollars.
12152	It is usually not currently possible to purchase alternative cryptocurrencies such as Castweet directly using US dollars.
12153	It is usually not currently possible to purchase alternative cryptocurrencies such as Cosmos directly using US dollars.
12154	It is usually not possible to buy alternative cryptocurrencies such as Blockmason Credit Protocol directly using U.S. dollars.
12155	It is usually not presently possible to buy alternative cryptocurrencies such as Alchemint Standards directly using US dollars.
12156	It is usually not presently possible to buy alternative cryptocurrencies such as Blocknet directly using U.S. dollars.
12157	It is usually not presently possible to purchase alternative cryptocurrencies such as CoinDeal Token directly using US dollars.
12158	It is usually not presently possible to purchase alternative cryptocurrencies such as NuBits directly using U.S. dollars.
12159	'It is very early days for us to be able to say that it is not producing antibodies that recognise the second arrival of a coronavirus and act on it,' he said.
12160	It is very exciting for us that the online event is attracting so much interest from both Governments and the private sector,” comments Simon Ford, Portfolio Director, Mining Indaba.
12161	“It is very preliminary,” Krahn said.
12162	"It is vital that all leaders now pursue a diplomatic way forward."
12163	It is vital that we attract and retain talented individuals to contribute to the advancement, reform and championing of the law.
12164	It is why Harriet Tubman sang the spiritual “Go Down, Moses” as a code to identify herself to those enslaved people who wanted to go with her to the Promised Land.
12165	It is why it’s difficult to make much of a call on clubs like Crystal Palace, Aston Villa and even West Ham, so it then comes down to squad quality and cohesion - which is where these could fall.
12166	It is why one of the first things the Steve Cohen Administration should do when it moves into the corporate offices on Tom Seaver Way is to try and lock Conforto up to an extension.
12167	It is with sadness that I write to tell you that I am resigning from The New York Times.
12168	‘It is with us always and we’re doing all we can to provide her with a second chance of life.
12169	“It is worrisome that there has been no remorse on the part of those perpetrating these atrocities.
12170	It is worth mentioning that the US-Iran crisis was not the only factor pushing up oil prices.
12171	It is worth the wait in hearing the results.
12172	It is your time and effort to help a stranger, likely for little reward.
12173	It jumped the 241 Freeway and began spreading west.
12174	It just confirms what I've been saying for weeks — winter ain't over until it's over!
12175	“It just didn't have a lot of flow," said Crosby, who has eight goals on the season.
12176	It just felt way more real.
12177	It just happened to go right.”
12178	"It just led to a growing realization that, well, I knew people were all the same, but that we can all stand together.
12179	"It just makes it faster.
12180	“It just makes me feel like a Melburnian again,” he said in a Texas accent that hasn’t faded in the 27 years he has lived in Australia.
12181	It just means I have to go to the “hassle” of running scripts manually at the command prompt on purpose, in return for not running them automatically by mistake.
12182	It just proves that it doesn’t matter the situation that you’re in, you can achieve anything if you put your mind to it.
12183	"It just seemed to go on and on, it's just been really upsetting."
12184	It just seems really complicated because it’s relying on a lot of individuals to do the work that you might expect the government to do.
12185	“It just shows how powerfully food connects us not only to people but to places,” Schatz said.
12186	It just, to add the funky fresh princeness you might remember from 1995, includes a literal Pyramid Scheme in the mix.
12187	It keeps its affairs so secret that it the community see the investment policy that contains the ban.
12188	It keeps me up at night.
12189	It keeps the gates of the profession locked, even to economists who toe the line.
12190	“It kills me,” Senior told The Gleaner yesterday.
12191	It laid bare that twisted, ignorant worldview and bigotry of many Americans.
12192	It later published a blog post warning that "unsubstantiated claims and accusations about child sex trafficking can spin out of control and mislead well-meaning people into doing more harm than good."
12193	It later transpired that Wilma was the first victim murdered by Sutcliffe, though he had previously attacked others.
12194	It’ll be a different experience for Democrats, nearly all of whom voted for Trump’s impeachment in the House.
12195	It’ll just go away sooner than later.
12196	"It looks absolutely fantastic.
12197	It looks like another Young Avenger may soon join Cassie Lang in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
12198	It looks like empty shelves, long lines, desperate government officials trying to cover their tushes, and hungry people.
12199	It looks like it will have a long life ahead of it.
12200	It looks like the ball came off his head after his overhead kick.
12201	It looks like the future has arrived.
12202	It looks like there really could’ve been some flirting going on between Devenanzio and West.
12203	“It makes no difference to me,” Anthony Davis said.
12204	It makes the government totally to be under the control of foreign diplomats.
12205	It makes you feel close to one another.
12206	It makes you forget your actual age and where you are.
12207	It makes you proud to say he plays for the Miami Heat.
12208	“It makes you realise you’re one amongst many.
12209	It marked yet another moment of confusion as England and the other nations in the UK begin to take different approaches to dealing with the next stage of the pandemic.
12210	It may also be tempting to suggest the OnePlus 8 Lite should use the same Sony IMX363 sensor as the long-standing budget camera champion, the Google Pixel 3a.
12211	It may be a peasant thing because I can't imagine the bourgeoisie doing it.
12212	It may be January, but ballet’s panto season is still going strong.
12213	It may be noted that almost all online grocery stores are facing hurdles in delivering products either due to a shortage of staff or lockdown restrictions.
12214	It may be possible for COVID-19 to spread in other ways, but these are not thought to be the main ways the virus spreads,” according to the CDC.
12215	It may mean a divorce for her.
12216	It may not return to pre-pandemic levels until the economy fully reopens.
12217	It may seem unlikely that the White House would implement any major departmental leadership changes during a global health crisis, especially in the Department of Health and Human Services, but don't count it out just yet.
12218	It may yet be enough.
12219	“It means a lot to the city to see you,” said Nitty to Antetokounmpo in announcing the surprise in a Facebook live video.
12220	It means that garment manufacturing is a crucial industry for many of Asia's developing economies, with World Trade Organization data showing that Bangladesh and Vietnam are amongst the world's four largest exporters of clothing.
12221	It means that ratepayers are increasingly likely to solely foot the bill for the hub, which was last projected to be more than $60 million.
12222	It means that should anything happen to one of the backs in either Saturday's captain's run or Sunday's warm-up, Furbank is likely to be required to step in and possibly play up to 80 minutes, despite carrying an injury.
12223	It means you can return this product and get your money back if you find it ineffective on you.
12224	It meant those who signed the new Conditional Fee Agreements (CFAs) could make a personal injury claim without having to worry about paying legal costs if they lost.
12225	It might be a little bit frustrating.
12226	“It might be longer than three weeks,” Kristina Johnson told a couple dozen College at Brockport students sitting with her in a circle in a room in Tuttle North.
12227	It might be obvious to us today because we know that influenza attacks the young, old and immunocompromised, while the “Spanish Flu” attacked healthy people in their prime – which is what a bacterial pneumonia does.
12228	It might cause a few boos and some will say hurrah.
12229	It might give me a bit more longevity in my career."
12230	It might interest you to know that there are more unreported cases of rape than reported cases this is because of the culture of silence, imposed by shame!
12231	It might not have sold as well as its forebear, but it did well enough for itself.
12232	It must happen on schedule, it is worth fighting and possibly dying for.
12233	"It must not be forgotten that NSW Government and Sydney Cricket Ground provided exceptional support to bring India's squad safely into the country," Hockley said.
12234	It must not lead to yet another power-sharing arrangement between former political allies and opponents.
12235	It named two British specialist hospitals in London as isolation facilities for those affected: Guy's and St. Thomas' and The Royal Free.
12236	It never happened and all intelligent football fans in existence understand that.
12237	It never overstays its welcome and keeps the viewer engrossed in the many different diverging paths the narrative goes down.
12238	It now appears, from information on the Thai embassy Washington DC website and several others, that equivalent non-Thai-issued insurance is acceptable provided it covers all claims arising if the policy holder catches the dread disease.
12239	It offers its products primarily under the Carlsberg, Baltika, Tuborg, birell, Ringnes, and other local brand names.
12240	It offers loans to customers in the United States and in the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada.
12241	“I told him, ‘First, I want to play center field for the Padres because I want to play next to my guy Tony Gwynn, then play football and quarterback for Chargers, then when I’m done playing, I’ll join the broadcast for both teams.’
12242	I told him we were going to get through this together.
12243	I told my family about it at lunchtime, and they said that they agree completely, about the clown bit.
12244	I told myself “this can never be me”.
12245	I told them to stay calm and not worry.
12246	I took a photo and posted it on my Instagram page.
12247	“I took some over to my aunt in Wichita who works at Via Cristi, and also took some to Peabody Assisted Living and to my step-son in Salina for friends of theirs that work in things like chiropractic.
12248	It owned a 35-26 advantage, with Haley also grabbing four boards.
12249	Ito ‘yung ano — those who live or work in Special Concern Areas.
12250	It packs a 4,500mAh battery that supports fast charging, wireless charging, and Wireless PowerShare.
12251	It paid Rs 9500 crore on behalf of Bharti Airtel and Telenor which has merged with the parent company and Rs 500 crore for Bharti Hexacom, its subsidiary.
12252	It pays minimum wage, so she lives with her mom and is well aware that she lives at the poverty line.
12253	It pointed out that there was general anxiety over how the party’s approach to Palestine would change under the new leadership.
12254	It powerful performance, and misunderstood by those who didn’t want to hear her.
12255	It promotes efficiency and reduces recurring cost to Port.
12256	It protects individuals from the tyranny of the majority.
12257	It provides 55.2% of all assistance among the the world’s major donor countries.
12258	It provides a level of current income with a secondary objective of capital appreciation.
12259	“It provides us with a broad general understanding of what the public is experiencing and provides us with some insight as to how the winter is treating our turkey flock,” he says.
12260	It read: “The grief of losing a child is like no other – it is all consuming.
12261	It really damages relationships and damages ability to achieve shared goals.”
12262	"It really doesn't go far enough."
12263	"It really is a shame because it jeopardizes all of us," Haggie said.
12264	"It really reflects the challenges when you have transmission ongoing," said Henry.
12265	It really seems sometimes as if we are all in our own George Orwell novel.
12266	It reduces them but does not kill germs.
12267	“It reflects real change in the culture both musically and at large — and that’s the real value of it all,” says Perkel.
12268	It registered a participation of 500 people and the collaboration of over 60 experts from different fields.
12269	It rejects entirely the en vogue notion that the classically liberal ideal is a spent force, decadent and irredeemably hidebound.
12270	It remains a film with a deeply emotional core that feels like it comes from a place of genuine curiosity.
12271	It remains to be seen if any of these characters will appear in the series.
12272	It remains unclear how long they will have to wait before they too are rescued.
12273	It reportedly didn't move ahead as FOX was uncomfortable with a series centered on a killer priest.
12274	It requires professional installation and a lot of specialized expertise.
12275	I tried to describe the astonishing disorientation we experienced while navigating the crowds at Heathrow, Dubai and Melbourne airports.
12276	It rose by 33.76 percent, “mainly due to coupon payments for Treasury bond, discount on Treasury bills and the timing of payments for global bonds,” the BTr explained.
12277	I trust the community initiatives such as the Kind series and water for rural schools will continue to contribute to the society."
12278	“I try not to let stress really get to me.
12279	I try to always visit the orphanage or celebrate my birthday with them.
12280	Its 302-horsepower total system rating is an 83-hp increase over that of the RAV4 Hybrid, and yet according to Toyota that doesn’t come with any significant physical differences in the layout of the hybrid system itself or the motor units.
12281	It's a bad place either way.
12282	“It’s a big challenge, because everybody’s taller than you,” Locklear said.
12283	It’s a big milestone for one local World War II veteran.
12284	It's a big year for Larry Watson.
12285	It’s ability to withstand even a minor shaking of the ground, therefore, is very marginal.
12286	“It’s a bit colder… a lot colder and the snow, we don’t get a lot of snow in Victoria,” said Isla Lord.
12287	It’s about feeding the same information into the same decision-making systems and trying to find a different conclusion.
12288	It's about half as bright, but has 1080p resolution compared to the EF-100's 800p.
12289	“It’s about showing up and being functional right now,” Staudenmaier says.
12290	"It's absurd that some of our leaders don't know that this Delegates' Conference is not about electing leaders.
12291	“It’s a bummer, but it’s better to be safe,” said her daughter, Katie Hissim, 36, of St. Michael.
12292	It’s a cautious old world, and Aldous Huxley would surely have been disappointed.
12293	It’s a chance to decontaminate ourselves of agenda-driven art classes.
12294	“It's a change of voice at this stage and we've just got to try and get the right results to make sure that the club stabilises itself and keeps its position in the Championship.
12295	It’s a commitment, but the rewards are tremendous – to have that relationship with God, to know God’s presence not only in prayer but in the midst of my daily life, and to be able to seek and find God in all things.”
12296	It’s a compassionate tale that has been exquisitely written and promises to entrance you from the very first page.
12297	"It's a complex issue.
12298	It’s a complex style, but rewarding for those willing to take their time sipping on a slowly warming glass.
12299	“It’s a compulsion to oblige institutions to report to this TeleTracking system because they knew if it weren’t tied to money, it wouldn’t happen.”
12300	It’s actually a text-messaging program.”
12301	Its adaptability could be the reason why we’ve turned to it in a time of crisis.
12302	It’s a dark night on the Forty Acres.
12303	"It's a disgrace," Collins said, attacking the Government on the failed KiwiBuild policy.
12304	It’s a dungeon crawler, after all; you’d better make room for my loots!
12305	It's a flat glass back, with curves towards the edges and slightly rounded corners.
12306	It’s a global problem.
12307	“It’s a good deterrent,” she said of the dozens of cameras installed by her electrician husband.
12308	“It’s a good thing,” says Dr. Haider Warraich, lead author of a study that finds more Americans are dying at home rather than in hospitals for the first time since the early 1900s.
12309	It’s a gorgeous game full of jaw-dropping moments, but multiplayer is where really shines.
12310	It's a great deal for us," he said.
12311	It’s a great feeling to know that guys have my back like that.
12312	It’s a great way to keep people entertained and to possibly get a new audience because of it.
12313	It’s a grind he loves, and he’s starting to see the fruit of his labor.
12314	“It’s a highly expensive operation as well and they’ve got a lot of volunteers they sorely need.
12315	“It’s a huge gain for the state,” said Rep. Kelly Miles, R-Ogden.
12316	It said customers’ gift cards and loyalty rewards points will be accepted “for a limited time.”
12317	It said: 'I never imagined when a small child growing up in East Ham that I would be able to travel around the world as I have done, and seen and experienced so many interesting places and to meet so many interesting people.'
12318	It said nothing.
12319	It said on Monday initial calculations suggest damages resulting from its dispute with Colombia will exceed US$250 million.
12320	'It said something great about Britain.'
12321	It said suspending the initial public offering (IPO) was a responsible move both for investors and markets.
12322	It said that it undermined “confidence in the reliability” of the conviction.
12323	It said that the attacks, which have intensified in recent weeks, have left at least six people dead, and 12 wounded as well as the looting and burning of at least 70 houses.
12324	It said that the resolution which was reached in November 2014 at an Extraordinary Summit then convened on the Ebola Virus Disease, was revisited and agreed to by the Authority.
12325	It said while some senior party functionaries were supporting Abhimanyu and Dhankar too, CM Khattar consented on Krishan Pal’s name to ensure “unanimity in the election of state BJP chief”.
12326	“It’s a little unsettling, not knowing exactly what’s going to happen,” she said,” I know UW-LaCrosse was talking about starting up halfway through the year, so I’m curious and anxious to see how it’s all going to play out.
12327	‘It’s all about gender and sexuality through my own experience and the realisation that we put things into two categories all the time and really, it’s actually a lot more fluid than that,’ Courtney told us.
12328	It’s all a lot of lore stuff, but there are also faction-specific options for your battle pass skins.
12329	“It’s all heightened, it’s all elevated.
12330	It's all over the news but I like to just zone out sometimes before it takes over you.
12331	It's all uphill from here.”
12332	“It’s almost about containment more than inflaming things.”
12333	“It’s almost a new — or a renewed — experience for a lot of families this year,” said Teagan Milera, co-owner of Lee Farms.
12334	It’s a lot of hard work, so you want people to notice, for sure.”
12335	“It’s a lot of pressure on myself, on our coaches and our team.”
12336	It’s a lot per student.
12337	It’s a lovely start and for the next 50 minutes or so Zeitlin keeps adding more beauty, filling in the background and adding detail as the film pleasantly drifts.
12338	“It’s already clear that some companies are going to do everything they can to stop the App Tracking Transparency feature I described earlier — or any innovation like it — and to maintain their unfettered access to people’s data,” Federighi said.
12339	It's also a good idea to put a dressing over any breaks in your skin, such as sores or cuts, to stop MRSA getting into your body.
12340	It's also an inventive piece given that it's a completely bloodless shot.
12341	It's also being pitched elsewhere though and if you're a fan of tenkeyless keyboards then this may well be worth considering.
12342	It's also bittersweet, knowing Michelle herself didn't live to see her efforts come to fruition.
12343	It’s also medium bodied, working great with any tropical themed cocktail kits or that tiki drink.
12344	It’s also one that shows Christie at the height of her powers, the master builder of the genre that she helped invent.
12345	It's also pathetic.
12346	It’s also the filters that go into those devices, and how they get better over time.”
12347	It’s also the most powerful, quickest accelerating RAV4, too.
12348	It’s always a really entertaining night and a good cause.
12349	“It’s always a tough game and they always push it to you.
12350	It's always better to look at ALL of the facts before making decisions.
12351	It’s always great to talk to them and hear what’s going on in their life at the moment.
12352	'It's a masterclass in wanting to have your cake and eat.
12353	It’s a match made in history, culture and psychology.
12354	It's amazing to see what they can do.
12355	"It's amazing what can happen in a county that's been so technologically challenged, where we're still using carbon paper, that we have zoomed into the 21st century by having ZOOM hearings," said Foxx.
12356	It’s a more powerful Xbox One.
12357	It’s a mystery to both of them as to why they were invited and to what Alice is writing about.
12358	It’s a mystery why the provincial government wasn’t prepared for the likely increase in infections and surge in demand for testing that would inevitably follow school reopening and the easing of the lockdown across the province.
12359	It's an absolute joke!': Furious Wirral residents slam.
12360	It’s an absolutely stupid idea, a Prue and Paul fever dream of a challenge.
12361	“It’s an acute situation in the Canary Islands right now,” Johansson said.
12362	“It’s an amazing feeling,” quarterback Sam Darnold said.
12363	“It’s an amazing opportunity.
12364	It’s a natural pinch point for deer when exiting that main ridge and it’s also an easy watering area.
12365	It's a necessity, in fact, according to the International Energy Agency.
12366	It’s an emergency we can’t relegated to the back burner.
12367	It’s an enjoyable dining experience.
12368	“It’s a never-give-up attitude and just trusting in that.”
12369	It's a new class of artifact: a living, programmable organism."
12370	It’s a new virus, so there isn’t much information.’
12371	It’s a new year and we’ve already learned our first most important lesson of the 2020s: Not all heroes wear capes, in fact, some don’t even wear shirts at all.
12372	“It’s an example that we can still do our job while we’re impeaching the president,” Alexander added.
12373	It’s a nice sentiment, but it really isn’t necessary.
12374	It’s an immediate practical reality which means the difference between watching your child struggle through a one-size-fits-all system and choosing a school that can nurture your child’s growth.
12375	“It’s an important decision, and I’m sure Neil and his head of recruitment, Nicky Hammond, will be working closely on it.
12376	It’s an interesting dilemma.
12377	It’s an interesting take on the character, and one that could probably only be pulled of by Ms. Angelina Jolie.
12378	It’s another assembly line of sorts.
12379	It’s another big weekend for Manchester United as they face Arsenal in the English Premier League on Sunday November 1, 2020.
12380	It’s a packer fan.
12381	It’s a period of abstinence from much of what makes life so fast-paced for so many of us during the hectic Monday-to-Friday, and it’s abstinence from things that distract us as well.
12382	It's a relief that the number of patients being treated for COVID-19 is no longer rising.
12383	It's a restaurant model you don’t see every day.
12384	It’s arguable that Ben & Jerry’s did better out of that film than the distributor did.
12385	“It’s as bad as anything I can remember,” said Adrian Benepe, a former city parks commissioner who lives on the Upper West Side.
12386	It’s a shame that’s we have laws for the common man different from those that are ruling class.
12387	It’s a similar mission statement to that of both FE and Extreme E. Open-wheel streets of large metropolitan cities like Paris and Berlin in order to draw attention to electric technology.
12388	It’s a step that professor and senior counsel Dan Howard has encouraged the government to make in his comprehensive 1,000+page report from last year’s special inquiry into ice and drug use.
12389	"It's a story about what we choose to go along with and what we choose to stand up to."
12390	It’s a streak the company will want to keep going with its next flagship smartphone range.
12391	It's a striking work.
12392	It’s a strong foundation – what a great place to start.”
12393	It’s a teenage buddy story that flits between the mundane realm of high school and a world of faeries and witches.
12394	It’s a time of change in the game industry.
12395	It’s a time-sensitive effort, as the 50-year-old dam is up for review this year.
12396	It’s a tough call,” Bubb said.
12397	IT’S a tough time to be a hat salesman.
12398	It’s a two stage process: administering the test, which means having the test kits and training, and is what we can do here.
12399	Its average selling price is $13.
12400	It saves the earth, energy and mitigates global warming and pollution.
12401	It’s a vision of the future — one by many observers — that makes President Trump’s “American carnage” address look almost rosy by comparison.
12402	It’s a way of life for them.”
12403	It’s a well-run machine that gets better each week thanks to middle schoolers with a drive to serve.
12404	It’s a win-win opportunity.
12405	“It’s a wonderful gift of nature and thank God that we were able to preserve it and protect it for our children and great grandchildren.
12406	It says 18 others involved local transmission in the densely populated Seoul area, which was at the center of the virus resurgence that began in late May as people increased economic and social activities.
12407	It's bad economics and bad policy."
12408	“It’s banned and hopefully fans will comply and, if not, we’ll deal with that,” said Steve O’Donnell, NASCAR’s executive vice president and chief racing development officer.
12409	Its because he has been on power long enough that he then thought of us old people, at last.
12410	It’s because of enemies that I had that gave them false information that caused them to attack me.
12411	“It’s been a huge hit,” she said.
12412	It’s been almost 70 years since we set up the first National Park in Britain, and they have been a big success.
12413	It's been almost a full year since the reveal of it was revealed for the Switch last December, fans of the series rejoiced at having a new series to anticipate, and now there's more to celebrate.
12414	It’s been a long time coming, but the Browns are a good team again.
12415	“It’s been a marathon, but we absolutely see the light at the end of the tunnel,” Fadem said.
12416	It’s been done before, and far more quickly.
12417	“It’s been interesting to bring them to life,” Cooper said.
12418	It’s been over 20 years since Richard Stanley last stood behind the camera for a feature-length project and now the time has finally come for his return in this year’s adaptation of the H.P. Lovecraft short story starring Nicolas Cage ().
12419	It’s been owned by the Thomas family the entire time.
12420	'It's been pretty catastrophic for musicians," said Gottschewski.
12421	“It’s been really great!” she said.
12422	"It's been so badly managed by the parties that we may have to go it alone," Davis said.
12423	"It’s been talked about, but we haven’t confirmed anything.
12424	It's been up and down in many ways, as I imagine it has been for most people!
12425	Its Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), adopted by the Chinese government in 2013, is the centerpiece of President Xi Jinping’s foreign policy.
12426	Its borders will remain shut in the first two weeks of the new year.
12427	It’s business as usual for Colac’s horse trainers despite Racing Victoria’s temporary ban on racing this week.
12428	It's called "Dick Johnson Is Dead."
12429	It’s certainly been a positive year for the prosperous writer and business woman.
12430	It's clear Brown is missing his fans, however: As the conversation started, he admitted the couple was debating whether he should start streaming video games as a way to interact and to earn some extra money.
12431	It’s clear cares about winning playoff games, and one wonders if Seattle will be able to convince him that they have what it takes to improve the defense next season and get some sort of bubble suit armor protection.
12432	"It's clear Lukashenko is afraid of negotiations and is trying in this way to paralyse the work of the Coordination Council and intimidate its members.
12433	It's clear that both residents and staff at Sydmar Lodge know how to have fun -- and that they're kind as well.
12434	It’s clear that the Chinese government attempted to outbreak in Wuhan province as well as portrayed the situation when it was not.
12435	Its combat, open-world design, and RPG elements are serviceable at best.
12436	“It’s completely unacceptable that, as an MP, I’m prevented from being able to scrutinise those decisions.”
12437	“It’s counter-productive and it will send a poor message for our tourism operators which can’t take as many people and if it’s not profitable they remain shut.”
12438	“It’s critically important that everyone respects these guidelines and each other so that we all can enjoy Ventnor’s Boardwalk.”
12439	It’s crucial that January 8 is resoundingly successful in putting the Modi regime on the backfoot.
12440	It's Damon's "screw you" to anyone who still has faith he'll come around.
12441	It’s definitely an unusual arrangement as far as game streaming services go but it could also be Amazon’s way to entice giant publishers onto its platform and business.
12442	“It’s delightful for me to play this strong, powerful warrior fighter goddess.
12443	“It’s difficult to ask for help,” Kobayashi says.
12444	It’s down to Hans, Junior Creative, and Jack Vidgen.
12445	Its economic system doesn’t work; it doesn’t respect human rights; and because it works against human nature, government must constantly suppress the people to keep them compliant.
12446	It seemed to drag a supposedly neutral court into the politics of the day.
12447	It seems as though Christina is just going to resign herself to making Henry her little project and will corrupt him with culture.
12448	“It seems as though it was a formality and not a serious attempt to hold these companies to the fire,” said Rev. Kenneth Simon, a former member of Youngstown’s Human Relations Commission, which advises the review council.
12449	It seems he is just only willing to sacrifice other people.
12450	It seems like it would be both fun and funny to play.
12451	It seems like the 2nd wave of coronavirus is near, with everyone starting to return back to normal with their social lives.
12452	It seems like the feedback has been heard regarding this decision, as a listing for a standalone version of Spider-Man Remastered was recently found in the PlayStation Store.
12453	It seems like there's a really quick turnaround in terms of what's included in the show.
12454	It seems Nelle’s plan will work since Carly’s going to have a confrontation with her later.
12455	It seems sad, until I remember that three times since quitting, I’ve tried a celebratory drink.
12456	It seems there's always more.
12457	“It seems to me this is policy-based evidence-making rather than evidence-based policymaking,” said Marc Lipsitch, director of the Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.
12458	It seems unlikely that any big games on the console will dip below 60FPS, although Ronald has confirmed that it's possible.
12459	It seems unlikely the Red Sox were unaware that Graterol probably wouldn’t be able to throw the 200 innings generally expected of a starter in 2020.
12460	"It's either a buyer's market or a seller's market, and the shoe was on the other foot for a long time," she says.
12461	It’s ever more popular from election cycle to election cycle.
12462	It's explained how people's psyches have Valleys (their worst memories) and Peaks (their best memories), and that "crushing" someone involves destroying a Peak or a Valley to change their sense of self.
12463	It’s fairly common to hear people describing what they’re “giving up for ” each year, but many of the details about Lent itself are less-discussed and/or less-known by the general public.
12464	It’s fairly novel for Republicans to link free speech to antitrust violations like this.
12465	It’s fiction, can’t they just write the story and pretend covid didn’t happen?”
12466	Its first orbital launch attempt, Rocket 3.1, failed Sept. 11 when the rocket’s first stage engines shut down about 30 seconds after liftoff, causing the vehicle to fall back to Earth, crashing and exploding not far from the launch pad at Kodiak.
12467	It's fluid, fast and effortless, and is a premium package that looks and feels great in the hand.
12468	It’s for (above), a meal that I think makes for an excellent first step in what I hope will be years of regular service for you, on whatever evening you choose to gather family and friends in the embrace of good food and conversation.
12469	Its for chrissake.
12470	It’s for this reason that his discovery generated “quite a bit of interest” in the professional-amateur planetary science community.
12471	It’s for this reason that many people aren’t exactly fans of packing the weapon on their hip all day, let alone conceal carry it (even though it can definitely be done).
12472	Its fourth season attracted more than 65 million households in its first four weeks of release in April this year, the streamer said.
12473	It's frustrating and ridiculous, but it's also totally pure and hilarious.
12474	It’s funny, though, because I didn’t think that making work would become about teaching my culture as much as it has.
12475	“It’s fun to be asked to do something 20 years later and reinvent it for a new group of people,” she added.
12476	It’s fun to see a play about Chicago when you’re in Chicago, and then fun to see that show go somewhere else.
12477	It’s getting difficult for them to be apart from each other amid this quarantine season.
12478	It’s getting just as dire to the east.
12479	Its goal is to eventually complete 1,088 units of affordable housing in the near future; an additional 104 units are currently under construction.
12480	Its goals include empowering students as entrepreneurial thinkers, doers and leaders.
12481	“It’s going backward, all the way through the trail to Georgia and Alabama, where it resounds.
12482	“It’s going to be a fight, but if Joseph Biden is elected, I just fear the worst – and I will consider selling my house and getting out of California,” as other Republicans have already said this year.
12483	“It’s going to be dry again, and it’s going to firm up.
12484	It’s going to feel very much like how brought everything together for Marvel.”
12485	It’s going to require faith.
12486	It’s good form, but we’ve still got to keep striving, trying to get better.
12487	It’s good to have a set policy in place for how remote workers manage their physical devices.
12488	It’s good to see humour at a time like this.
12489	It's got a lot of what makes the AX8 great, but adds even more power and a further four streams, making it a powerhouse that's more expensive as a result.
12490	Its graphical nous is on a par with the more expensive Xbox One X (well, most of the time) and, if you have the right TV for 4K and HDR, then what developers are eking out of this box is something special.
12491	It’s handy to have a husband who knows what he is doing.”
12492	It’s hard for us to know if and when there would be another rise.
12493	It's hard to compare one audio project to a multimedia experience that only aired once, but the fact that elements of the have been incorporated into official canon is proof that there were nuggets of good ideas in it.
12494	It’s hard to decide which optional Paralogue battles to play and which to ignore in Fire Emblem:…
12495	“It’s hard to explain to someone who’s never been in a life or death situation like that,” he testified when asked by prosecutor Linh Lê about how many times he stabbed Van Camp.
12496	It’s hard to imagine if the same thing happened today, he would have been able to shed the events as easily.
12497	“It’s hard to know you waited your entire life to walk across that stage and it’s not happening,” Harms said.
12498	It's hard to overstate what that means.
12499	“It’s hard to sell higher blends of ethanol if you don’t have the special pumps and infrastructure to handle it,” Greif says.
12500	It's heart-wrenching to think about," Razi said.
12501	It’s her second Thanksgiving in space; she was also on the space station in November 2010.
12502	It's highly unlikely Nicolas Cage's spin as the character will be referenced or brought into MCU continuity, so it's time to cast someone new.
12503	It’s his arrogance.
12504	It's his presence that puts it here, that and the music in the background of the short scene.
12505	It’s history, our history.
12506	It shocked me,” said Mason City resident Keith Koller.
12507	It's hoping potential buyers will have security on the brain when they're looking for their next external storage device.
12508	It should also depend on its government’s fiscal capacity ─ to accommodate, manage and support the numbers of infection cases in their communities.
12509	“It should be clear that Mr. Daybell did not set up the page…and that any funds which were donated (if any) were not sent to or received by Mr. Daybell,” Sean Bartholick, Daybell’s attorney, said in a statement to EastIdahoNews.
12510	It should be noted that Mehmet Ekici has only played in five matches this season.
12511	“It should lesson the anxiety.”
12512	It shouldn't take a mass murder and pandemic to change that, she said, but the issue can no longer stay in the shadows.
12513	It shows in she has been able to get passed, which has had a positive impact on so many of our families.
12514	It shows they care more about the tourists who eat there and not the community that actually supports them.
12515	It’s imperative for everyone to follow Tuscaloosa’s rules, Maddox said, including visitors and students who don’t live here all year.
12516	"It's important that we use our platforms as professional athletes," Morrow said in an interview.
12517	"It's important to fight for those shots.
12518	“It’s important to me that when we keep progressing these stories there is more representation that Australia is part of that, so it was definitely important that it was an Australian story,” Zanetti said.
12519	It’s important to note profit or loss does not correlate to ability.
12520	It’s important to note that virtually none of that drop occurred during the Trump administration and dramatic declines in emissions in 2020 are easily ascribed to the economic and social impact of the coronavirus pandemic.
12521	It’s impossible here in the bubble.
12522	It’s impossible to know for certain, but here is what I do know for certainty — the boundless beautiful bounty of love is here and it is battle ready…Love is not letting go.”
12523	Its incubation period is 14 days on average and people may appear to be able to infect others before symptoms appear.
12524	It’s in this environment that well-financed buyers could spot an opportunity, according to two mergers and acquisitions brokers, who have been involved in some of the biggest production deals over the past decade.
12525	Its in this off-field quality that most our home grown talents are lacking hence they struggle to reach the heights of their very talents.
12526	It’s ironic because International Women’s Day exists to highlight the inequity women face, with economic imbalance a key barrier.
12527	It's jarring, irksome and – after 25 hours – leaves some players feeling a little cheated.
12528	“It’s just a better distribution of bikes for everyone to use.”
12529	“It’s just a good way for us as a company, as a team, an organization, to remind people we’re not just a basketball team.
12530	It's just a lateral move.
12531	It’s just a matter of do you want that?”
12532	“It’s just a matter of getting it done.”
12533	It’s just a short phrase that sounds a bit fancy, nothing more.
12534	“It’s just a sign of the more important thing that people outside of D.C. are really starting to take notice of this issue and take momentum behind it.”
12535	“It’s just coming at the wrong time.”
12536	It’s just crushing the job market and employment.
12537	It’s just not now.
12538	"It's just off-the-charts unique.
12539	It’s just our workload, which is kind of heavy, dealing with all these people.”
12540	“It’s just saying ‘no’ to the ruling party and everything they have done.”
12541	It's just such a cool looking place.
12542	'It's just that I really do feel if a child is uncomfortable and they feel cold, I don't think putting on a coat is going to cause distraction.'
12543	It’s just that we’re talking about editing from the dais, basically,” Jones said.
12544	It's just very humbling, the things that we're having to do and things we're seeing.
12545	It’s kind of boring to really point out some of these policy differences because they’re not really that different.
12546	“It’s kind of crazy.
12547	It’s kind of like a two-in-one problem solver: you wrap your knees around the pillow, and it’s in the perfect spot to hug and bring your shoulders down.
12548	It’s lavishly detailed, but like the real thing it needs to be handled with care or will it come catastrophically crashing down to Earth.
12549	It's layer upon layer of law that leaves the nation's financial burden on the working class.
12550	It's leased to the Dish & Spoon Cafe on a new 5+5+5-year lease returning $62,563 per annum plus outgoings and GST.
12551	“It’s like a country with a terrible navy having to fight a naval war.
12552	It's like a whole pandemic puzzle story right there.
12553	It's like being accidentally locked in overnight in an 80's-era Burger King.
12554	“It’s like being at Disney World for my kids and all of our neighbors come out to see it, eating snacks and enjoying the show,” he further added.
12555	"It's like comparing a mobile phone from the 1980s to the latest phones," Oliver says.
12556	It's likely this group is an offshoot of the Death Watch, a splinter group that opposed Mandalore's pacifist government during the Clone Wars.
12557	It’s like play dough for grown-ups, and just as gloriously messy, but with the added bonus that you can eat the end result.
12558	“It’s like Swiss cheese.
12559	It's like taking coffee-flavored cupcake frosting and plopping it down on top of a cup of iced milk.
12560	“It’s like the pixie-size version of the giant squid.”
12561	It’s like the quarterback position in the NFL.
12562	It's like we couldn't even curb the spread, you know?
12563	It’s like, what the heck, duh!
12564	It smells awful, but is nutrient-rich and can be poured on to the compost.
12565	Its members are volunteers appointed by the city council.
12566	Its members created the Flag Code, which states that “the flag represents a living country and is itself considered a living thing.”
12567	It’s merely a quality check.
12568	Its minister Datuk Seri M Saravanan said that among the action that needs to be taken, is adherence to provisions of employment law, collective agreements and codes of conduct.
12569	It's more accurate in particular than anything else we have," he said.
12570	“It’s more of an extension of the program than it is a change of course.”
12571	It's Mr Desland's first time in custody.
12572	It's my dream nursery for my daughter.
12573	It’s my duty to give back to my Kitchen Table family just like they’ve given so much to me.”
12574	It’s my first go-round (in free agency), so it’s going to be an experience.
12575	"It's my one crack at a Grammy, maybe," Barry said with a chuckle.
12576	It’s never gonna be OK again.
12577	It’s nice seeing people come together.”
12578	It’s nice to be on a platform that supports creators, and doesn’t just look at us like advertising opportunities.”
12579	"It's no secret he was under several doctors' care over the course of the last couple of months.
12580	It’s not about how we organize the ownership of the means of production (that would be true socialism – – or even communism with a small “c”).
12581	“It’s not about taking something away from kids,” Johnson explained.
12582	“It’s not a good feeling to lose someone and know that person who hurt your family is walking past you every day.
12583	It's not a good time to be a ballot initiative organizer in any of the 24 states or Washington, D.C., where they're allowed, according to Josh Altic, who tracks ballot measures for the website Ballotpedia.
12584	“It’s not always simple to figure out where to focus resources,” said Vigneron.
12585	It’s not always that the better player or team wins.
12586	It's not an ambitious game, and it can easily become repetitive, but simple co-ops like are getting very popular recently, maybe because it's so deceptively simple, so experienced players can form in-depth strategies that make the game more enjoyable.
12587	It’s not an insignificant amount of money that we’re spending already on consultants to cover some of the workload that staff aren’t able to get to.”
12588	“It’s not a replacement for the very significant resources we are committing to contact tracing,” he said.
12589	“It’s not as good as sitting down in person with the guy, but we’ll make the most of it,” Colbert said.
12590	It's not been his day - but will it be Eriksen's in what could be his final game?
12591	It’s not clear exactly what’s coming to the down the line, but it sounds like it could be enough to at least make the wait a little easier for players who aren’t picking up a PS5 at launch.
12592	It's not clear what the president would go along with.
12593	It's not Ebola I don't think we are going to see mass graves of 22 year olds.
12594	“It’s not enough for democrats to shudder and turn away in disgust,” he said.
12595	It’s not enough to read the reports.
12596	It's not every day you can meet a veteran Kamikaze pilot.
12597	“It’s not exactly easy to be able to just go and study abroad because there are not really that many options (for my majors),” Pham said.
12598	It’s not footage of a Beatles gig, but this is a must-see for fans of the Fab Four — a singalong version of their classic animated film Yellow Submarine, complete with lyrics along the bottom.
12599	It’s not for lack of trying!
12600	It’s not given so much for achievement, as it is for helping others achieve.
12601	It’s not going to blow you away with bottle design, but it’s a water that gives you everything its got day in and day out to ensure satisfaction.
12602	… It’s not good enough to say we’re going to wait until the next president to address this.”
12603	“It’s nothing serious,” he said.
12604	It’s not just about the graphic nature of it anymore because there’s such a story that’s built on top of it now.
12605	It’s not just billionaires, however, who are cracking open their wallets for the Indiana native.
12606	It’s not just conservation tourism (and, yes, castles) that wanderlusters are lured to: there are the ancient Saxon villages with ochre-coloured houses and rustic cuisine.
12607	It’s not just masks.
12608	It’s not just me anymore, and I’m glad it’s not," Wallen writes in sharing the news with fans.
12609	It's not just the changes to the Halloween holiday this year that would have Michael feeling upset.
12610	It's not only social distancing that could make a difference but also the frantic efforts by hospitals around the country to prepare for an onslaught of seriously ill patients.
12611	It’s not our job to police them.
12612	It’s not really important and yet it’s the most important thing for so many people.”
12613	It's not so much the spectacle, which a Cancer person would love anyway, it's the fascinating dynamic between the characters.
12614	It’s not that the eighth grade educator didn’t have sick time available — she had plenty.
12615	It’s not the hard grind.
12616	“It’s not the intent.
12617	It’s not too late to make your own!
12618	“It’s not unique to UPenn.
12619	It’s not well-covered by traditional media.
12620	It’s not you Flexsteel, it’s me.
12621	It’s no wonder the chassis got so hot.
12622	It’s now trying to sell customers on protecting their domains from theft instead of buying Whois privacy, which is no longer needed.
12623	"It's obviously good to be in contention on a weekend and I feel like I've been there enough where I can have a good crack at it."
12624	It's obvious they just started making these machines, and they are indeed a game changer.
12625	It sometimes causes long-term health effects that can take months to recover from, and in some cases can leave lasting damage to vital organs.
12626	It somewhat resembles wood so you would not entirely lose the cozy feel by choosing MDF.
12627	It's one of those songs you think no one else could even possibly sound good singing it.
12628	"It's one thing to say that it's possible, but when you see her, it's like, now you know it," she said.
12629	It's on the north shore, for snorkeling, and it's beautiful.
12630	It’s optimized for seated use and is relatively quiet, allowing for convenient workouts at a moment’s notice.
12631	It sought to declare that both schemes complement each other to help patients like the petitioner.
12632	It sounds like a fantastic week of “By Popular Demand” episodes, so be sure to keep watching.
12633	It sounds like he wants to start over.
12634	“It sounds like I’m saying something.
12635	“It’s our hometown, and at the time, I was thinking it was going to be safe.”
12636	It spans the entire width of the African continent, from the Atlantic to the Red Sea – a vast and underpopulated stretch of arid semi-desert.
12637	“It’s paramount to have a horse that is calm, docile, willing to walk through traffic and deal with tourists and crowds and the lights,” Deputy Inspector Barry Gelbman, the unit’s commander, told the station.
12638	• ‘It’s Part Of Our Inauguration Celebration’
12639	It’s part of the reason we haven’t looked at our staff and the treatment of individuals.
12640	It’s past time to take control of our lives.
12641	It's plain wrong.
12642	It's possible the phone in the image is just a concept mobile used as part of promotional materials, rather than anything Samsung is directly working on.
12643	It spread to other areas of the house, but fire crews were able to put it out after she alerted authorities.
12644	It’s precisely the sort of meta nonsense gag you’d expect from the show at its height, and, luckily for the show’s writers, is somehow still a timely reference.
12645	It’s pretty clear that when Saturday’s numbers are added they’ll smash through last week’s record.
12646	It’s pretty normal.
12647	It’s projected to generate 1.3 million jobs and provide a $684 billion boost to Southern California’s economy.
12648	"It's pushed me to work hard and achieve great things."
12649	It’s quite sick, really.”
12650	“It’s really a kind of synthesis and coming to terms with all of the things for better and for worse that Wagner had brought in the world today.”
12651	“It’s really difficult for a lot of people in medicine to really fully retire.”
12652	“It’s really easy for German media to criticize something so far away, and claim at the same time we don’t have these problems here.”
12653	It’s really enjoyable to use because it’s a strong performer that’s slick, fast and attractive,” our tester added.
12654	Its recent growth has certainly been remarkable.
12655	It’s referring to “mine” as “ours”, and then later back to “mine” again as referring to both of you.
12656	It's revealed that Chobi's actually the reincarnation of the "Legendary Ciel" Chocobo and as such gains powerful armor that allows him to fly.
12657	It’s safe to assume most people know when they have a boner.
12658	Its season is scheduled to begin June 4 and last through mid August.
12659	Its second week wasn’t much different: a deluxe version of the album debuted at number one, with all 22 songs hitting the Billboard Hot 100 simultaneously.
12660	"It's shutting down here for a week to two weeks.
12661	It's similar to with fake Jake being the heroic Curly, fake janitor being the villainous Jud and the young woman being Laurey.
12662	It’s so frustrating at times.
12663	“It’s so great that it’s Wonder Woman leading the way,” says Jenkins.
12664	“It’s so intoxicating, that first flush of fame, and I think it’s even more intoxicating if you’re not bred for it.”
12665	It’s something special, more than the contract I have.
12666	"It's something that I did as a young person in Houston.
12667	It's something that is just one of those things in football.
12668	“It’s something we were guilty of last season as well – we’d get a good win and then not really follow it up with a good run.
12669	It’s sometimes hard to keep track.
12670	It's somewhat to be expected considering he's such a famous "New Yorker," Spike Lee's just doesn't exactly try to capture "Chicago" so much as it tries to capture its political subject matter.
12671	It’s so predictable whenever a name player gets released.
12672	"It's sort of a tightrope" that rural communities are walking, says Eric Lofgren, an infectious disease epidemiologist at Washington State University.
12673	It’s so strange to describe him or Gigi in the past tense.
12674	… It’s still 2020, but sooner or later we have to turn this stuff around.”
12675	It's still had a whole lot of fixed costs coming in over this period, but with no revenue," he said.
12676	“It’s still too early to draw conclusions on how severe the virus is.”
12677	Its story is fictitious, even if “based on many true stories.”
12678	It’s such a stressful experience under these circumstances.
12679	“It’s such a tough deal for the family and everyone in the nation is worried about these two kids,” says Lamar Advertising District Manager Kent Marboe.
12680	It’s Support Our Students, the activist group whose website posts related to schools.
12681	… It’s talking down to people.
12682	It started out as a working-class neighbourhood.
12683	It started with small gestures.
12684	It states that using the 5nm process will make the A14 chipset a lot powerful.
12685	It state that the DOJ will investigate all forms of election fraud including “destruction of ballots, vote-buying, multiple voting, submission of fraudulent ballots or registrations, and alteration of votes.”
12686	It's that same attitude that helped him meet his wife his first day on the job.
12687	“It’s the beginning of a long battle.
12688	It's the behaviour of players in dugouts that worries Montreal Softball League president Gil Di Gregorio.
12689	It’s the best-shot show to date, shying away from shiny sci-fi precision in favour of earthy tones and messy spills of light.
12690	“It’s the best time to take your annual health test, so that you can find out what’s going on with your body and make some changes to your lifestyle,” Sato says.
12691	It’s the death of the imagination and it’s a terrifying thing,” he says.
12692	It’s the final graded-stakes race of the year in New York.
12693	It’s the first time an comic has taken place after the 2009 film.
12694	'It's the foundation of strategy and business.
12695	It’s the last element that seems to not occur by coincidence.
12696	It’s the perfect soundtrack to our times.
12697	It’s the perfect weapon for players that enjoy fighting their enemies as guerilla-style tactics.
12698	It’s there in the calculus of weaponry.
12699	It's the sixth day in a row the state has set a new pandemic record.
12700	It’s the stuff of which rabidly devoted followings are made – the venue is sold out – and the kind of serpentine path that’s almost impossible to make sense of in 90 minutes.
12701	It’s the third straight year that Gutekunst has made at least one trade on the first day of the draft.
12702	"It's the true the franchise is only part of the problem," she said.
12703	It’s this kind of sacrifice and giving that marks a true hero in our society and Detective Chris Johnson certainly is an example of the best New Jersey has to offer.
12704	It’s this work, and the stories that are woven into Hotch’s robes, that earned her a fellowship for visionary work in traditional arts.
12705	It’s thought that allowing huge sporting crowds will be one of the last things to return to normal life amid the pandemic, with large gatherings representing a big threat to the Covid-19 crisis spiking again.
12706	It's time to put content decisions in the hands of viewers.
12707	It’s time to stop overdevelopment and start planning a sustainable Australia that is better, not bigger.
12708	“It’s too early at this point to determine if this stabilizing of the average is a meaningful trend or an anomaly, but we’re glad to at least have a pause in our upward movement.”
12709	It’s too early to say whether the numbers will increase in 2020, MacLeod added.
12710	It’s totally incorrect for a deep, dark, intense gothic tragedy.
12711	It’s totally worth it to live in a place that suits the way you view life.”
12712	It’s toughest in the city’s treeless, concrete neighborhoods.
12713	It strengthens the immunity system, recharges our depleted batteries and assuages an overwrought mind and helps to live in the present moment.
12714	"It's true, our thoughts are on the PSG, a lot.
12715	It’s true that discs come with resell value and can later be traded, borrowed, or shared with friends.
12716	Its TruSpeak microphone makes your chat loud, clear and of studio quality, and the AeroFit cushioned ear pads, fitted with cooling gel memory foam, make this headset comfortable to wear without making your ears too hot and sweaty.
12717	It suggested the vastness of an entire galaxy, filled with billions of untold stories.
12718	“It’s ultimately about creating new opportunities for your target customer,” he said.
12719	It’s unclear how long into the week it will stretch, and when, or if, increased aid to Americans could come.
12720	It’s unclear when Meghan will return to the UK from Canada.
12721	It’s unclear whether the dog was saved.
12722	It’s unclear whether the event will become the super-spreader moment attendees are fearing, but if maybe a mask-less party isn’t a great idea–no matter how fancy the venue.
12723	It's unclear whether they'll throw the cases out.
12724	It’s understandable the prospect of a potential second OC BikeFest week coinciding with the pop-up rally concerns public safety officials.
12725	It's unlikely that every problem was caused by exactly the same issue, but you will probably see a series of patterns that led to different failure points.
12726	"It's unusual" for a senator to be seated for "nine hours"
12727	"It's up in the air at the moment, I don't know what's happening," he admitted.
12728	It’s up to the Senate whether to open its deliberations during the trial.
12729	Its Vancouver-born creator Anthony von Mandl, shown in a handout photo, says he's bewildered by the stunning rise of the low-cal drink previously only available to cross-border shoppers and tourists.
12730	It’s very difficult to keep your distance.
12731	“It’s very easy for us to limit the number of people entering.
12732	It’s very relatable in that way, I think," she continued.
12733	It’s very satisfying to be producing things which are not only beautiful but also make a positive contribution to the future of our oceans.”
12734	It’s very true because it’s a very specific vulnerability to be able to understand, and not everybody understands it.
12735	It’s wage earners in Gatwekera like William Wajenge, a mason laid off last month, who have been most hurt by the lockdown and slowing economy.
12736	It's weird, because this is the type of movie that typically draws ire from general audiences - slow, a pretentious historical biopic, self-congratulatory, and obvious Oscar bait.
12737	It’s what Eric does.
12738	It’s what he always seems to do: treat dictators as personal friends, and himself as the protagonist of every story (a trait frequently on display Monday).
12739	It’s what the Democrat’s do best, spend billion’s in tax dollars with no apparent benefit to the tax payers.
12740	“It’s where they have the easiest access and we’ve made those available free for youth organizations and groups,” Schmidlin said about Charles E. Perry and the former Midway Elementary building.
12741	It’s who and what they represent that is all that matters!
12742	It's why Hasbro had to change a Dinobot name to "Slug".
12743	It's worth noting that Alice -- really Beth Kane -- also knows Batman's identity and it's possible that others do as well.
12744	It’s worth noting that Senate Bill 596 (which I referenced earlier) eliminated the ability for any City in Florida to say ‘No’ to a telecommunications company that wants to deploy 5G antennas.
12745	It’s worth noting the Bears scored 27 or more points in each of those victories.
12746	It's woven in a stylistic edit and soundtrack that imparts a 'music video' feel; the rock-star being a mechanical masterpiece of yesteryear.
12747	"It's wrong in every way," he said.
12748	“It takes all of us,” appeared on the other end zone.
12749	It takes a lot of trust to walk out there with no script and take this journey.
12750	It takes a special person to balance all of the hats that you have to wear to be the faculty advisor of a student newspaper.
12751	“It takes a while to build the template for the regulations brochure and when we did that, to save time, we had all of the proposed regulations in there.
12752	“It takes quite a bit of time, really, it's important to get the fire truck there as soon as possible,” said Alan Kezar.
12753	It tells stories tied to various cultures and their belief systems as well as centering experiences of women and BIPOC in its storytelling.
12754	It tends to have only a moderate range in exchange for covering a wide area, meaning Denki has to get somewhat close to his target to hit them with his lightning.
12755	It tends to live better when it's on colder surfaces.
12756	It, too, is a symptom of disease, if not a biological one.
12757	It took another seven to reach the Metropolitan Opera.
12758	It took every male security guard in Kansas to stop her.
12759	It took me about 3-4 months to be able to hold one.
12760	It took me a long time to save up a dollar.
12761	It took nearly half the month, but the monsoon finally set up on July 17, 2020, and delivered significant rains.
12762	It took place in downtown Hugo at Lion’s Park.
12763	It took some 35 years, but ‘80s metal band Ratt has finally returned to television screens with the sort of frequency it hasn’t seen since its MTV days.
12764	It took the youngsters a while to figure out why Karma was failing, but luckily, Mitsuki and Sarada use Boro's blood (extracted by Mitsuki's snakes) to create antibodies and a cure for the virus.
12765	It tore down most trade barriers and triggered a surge in trade.
12766	It turned out the rose garden was decked out with a red carpet and US national flags.
12767	It turned out to be diabetes medicine.
12768	It turns out Din is actually an unwitting member of the Children of the Watch, an outcast group of Mandalorians Bo-Katan describes as "a cult of religious zealots that broke away from Mandalorian society."
12769	It turns out, some people had decided to essentially forward their government stimulus checks to help Joseph R. Biden Jr. defeat President Trump.
12770	I turned around, raised my camera, and started shooting video of the group standing there looking at me and asked whoever said that to please repeat it.
12771	It wants a specific offence of targeting an officer with a vehicle to be created, as well as tighter laws around the possession of ammonia and similar corrosive liquids.
12772	It was 7-5 in the tie break.
12773	“It was a blessed year, with plentiful rain, so we had to make use of it,” said the farmer, who returned to his plot two years ago after the government recaptured areas around Damascus from rebels.
12774	It was about this time that she began using drugs: marijuana and cocaine, at first, and eventually harder drugs injected intravenously.
12775	It was a day to hail Hamilton, a talent as rare as Halley's Comet.
12776	It was a DELIBERATE decision.
12777	It was a disappointing end for management because we had worked very hard but it was even more so for the girls because we really had a good chance.
12778	“It was a disaster to try to get them to communicate,” Marie said.
12779	"It was a four-day symptom freak out but I'm fine now."
12780	“It was a good battle,” said longtime Falmouth coach Dave Halligan, who earned his 398th victory as the coach of his alma mater.
12781	It was agreed at that time that only those charges which are being utilised for improving the procurement infrastructure and the quality of procurement centres should be part of such financial assistance (as RDF)”.
12782	It was a heartbreaking letter.
12783	It was a joke by my more experienced colleagues of course.
12784	It was a kangaroo court meant to punish Nankhumwa for the simple reason that he is a political threat to the people that are actually laying the charges.
12785	It was a life-changing experience,” Leonardo DiCaprio said.
12786	It was a little indication that despite the change in season, she was still enjoying the outdoors in a bikini.
12787	It was all based on George Lucas’ creation — — and Lucas was also at the forefront, writing the stories with Filoni.
12788	It was all cover for the gripe Democrats don’t dare make publicly: that Barrett won’t be an activist justice seeking to read liberals’ wish lists into the Constitution.
12789	It was all good, the gravy was made and now she could have her Rob Roy.
12790	It was also added that both Galaxy M51 and M31s may also get a 64GB storage model "later".
12791	It was also a smart baseball move.
12792	It was also available to state-integrated schools, such as religious or "special character" schools.
12793	“It was also based on a flight with Heart.”
12794	It was also from Fashion Nova.
12795	It was also gathered that her gateman, suspected to be an accomplice in the sad event, has been arrested and has provided useful information that could help in tracking the killers.
12796	It was also mentioned in the Chinese foreign ministry’s statement Friday that “the Indian side promised (in June 6 meeting) that they would not cross the estuary of the Galwan river to patrol and build facilities”.
12797	It was also said that further extensions are to be expected in Ireland, but that more information on this subject will be released at a later date.
12798	It was also the subject of a radio contest where residents had to guess which date the hole would be filled by.
12799	It was also the venue for Prince George’s baptism on 23 October 2013 in a ceremony attended by four generations of the royal ramily, including the Queen, the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge.
12800	“It was always my dream to work in major market radio but I could never have imaged a career so varied and fulfilling,” Smith said on Tuesday.
12801	It was a manifestation of support from members and a message to the NT and Commonwealth governments: “There has been talk about the Mereenie Loop Road for 30 years.
12802	It was an astonishing moment.
12803	It was an event that people have flashbacks over.
12804	It was announced by the Russian government on Tuesday amid the new coronavirus outbreak centered in China that has infected more than 75,000 people worldwide.
12805	It was announced earlier this week that the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences will be open to the public beginning Tuesday, Sept. 22, with new hours, new procedures, and new plans in place to help ensure the safety of guests and staff.
12806	It was a painful loss for me.
12807	It was a policy shift broadly noted by educators, who began to publicly question how they could be expected to keep children and staff members safe indoors, often in aging school buildings that may lack proper ventilation.
12808	“It was a pretty significant switch for my lab because we went from using standard real-time Polymerase Chain Reactions to this new method called digital droplet PCR which is more sensitive and more quantitative.
12809	It was a shocking decision that has left the television landscape possibly changed forever, and for the longest time no one really knew why he did it.
12810	It was a significant moment, not least because he had always been 'terrified' of Wintour when they crossed paths at fashion events.
12811	It was a tiny yet pivotal role in the film and comics alike and Campbell performed it with vigor and comedic genius.
12812	“It was a tough week because we conceded so many turnovers at the breakdown last week.
12813	It was a TR3 gig.
12814	It was a trial in name only.
12815	It was awful what I did.
12816	It was badly needed for the newly arrived cavalry in the form of Parramatta pair Daniel Alvaro and George Jennings after the departure of some of the club's stars at the start of the week.
12817	It was both creation myth and history.
12818	It was clear from Paul’s answer that many of our schools haven’t got 50 per cent back-up plans – yet.’
12819	It was clear that we were on a downward course and that this descent was sweeping individuals into the abyss.
12820	It was close to $600, Radoci says, so she inquired about the generic version.
12821	It was commissioned half a year ago.
12822	It was confidently modern and confidently weird.
12823	It was covered up for decades.
12824	It was created in 1991 pursuant to the provisions of Articles 6 and 15 of the Revised Treaty of the ECOWAS.
12825	It was delayed to July 24, and then again to August 21, with Disney clearly hoping that this would be the big tentpole release when theaters reopened.
12826	It was discovered that his hip replacement led to cobalt poisoning.
12827	It was dismantled and moved to its current island location as part of the massive UNESCO project to save Nubia’s ancient monuments from the rising waters of Lake Nasser.
12828	It was Elizabeth Warren who may have stolen the show, though, with a heated attack on Mr Bloomberg early on for his use of NDAs in his business, which he refused to pull from women who might have accusations to be made against him.
12829	It was even worse, the students were told, than what they as Black people were experiencing in the American South.
12830	It was exciting,” says Bachung, who wants to be a wildlife photographer.
12831	“It was far-sighted of Cardin,” Valerie Steele, a fashion historian at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City, told The Times some years ago.
12832	It was followed by the Robert De Niro-starrer comedy drama, "The War With Grandpa", which had a theatrical release on November 13.
12833	It was followed up with the DS Lite which had a slimmer design and the DSi which had online capabilities.
12834	"It was great to give part of my life to the City of Calgary and I'll have lots of memories."
12835	It was great to go through all the 108 Tai Chi movements in the fresh air and sunshine.
12836	It was Griezmann’s lowest assist total since 2014-15 and the forward averaged just 1.92 shots per 90 minutes in La Liga last term.
12837	"It was happening before lockdown, and the numbers have shot up since because the value of dogs has gone up and there is an even greater reward, but with the same low risk for people carrying out these dastardly offences.”
12838	It was hardly a private moment.
12839	“It was heavy on my mind, every play,” Davis said.
12840	It was impossible at first to choose which fish I wanted because they were all adorable.
12841	It was impossible to go anywhere in the area without people of all ages stopping him and recounting incredible stories.
12842	It was in 2019, that you took that new job.
12843	It was indeed sweet revenge for Frank Lampard's men who have suffered defeats three times in the hands of the Red Devils this campaign.
12844	It was intended for the section on graffiti on the fishing pier.
12845	It was just an over here or there that cost us.”
12846	It was just one of many lines that directly alluded to their legal battle, included ones like, “Who a snitch?
12847	It was Kobe’s memorial today and my friend just died as well.
12848	It was later raised to $300.
12849	It was learnt that the aircraft was meant for private purposes, contrary to the commercial (charter) it did to Dubai.
12850	It was like feeling the world was coming to an end.
12851	"It was like they set him up."
12852	"It was lovely to see.
12853	It was meant to satisfy some curiosity we are all supposed to have about how "values voters" could support a divorced womanizer who bragged about grabbing women by the pussy and made a whole lot of money off of gambling.
12854	"It was never brought up, like, 'Hey, here's the song if Carrie wants to sing it with me.'
12855	It was not clear when the action could go into effect, if at all.
12856	It was not immediately clear what would happen to foreign nationals on board the liner.
12857	“It wasn’t because of the Champions League result against Bayern, I had been thinking about it for a long time.
12858	It wasn't easy for me to get to where I am.
12859	It wasn’t just Chelsea who were on their way.
12860	“It wasn’t like she showed up and made her allegations and they said, ‘we are voting today,'” said Bream.
12861	It wasn't supposed to happen until the next morning."
12862	It wasn’t the time for me to come out back then."
12863	'It was obvious why the police thought you were escaping from a burglary or had stolen a car.
12864	It was one of the most fulfilling periods of my life.
12865	It was published in Arabic, and translated into French by Xavier Louvain.
12866	It was quite a challenge, I'm not gonna lie.
12867	It was quite by coincidence that Xavier called us.”
12868	“It was really stressful because I could feel other people being stressed out too in the airport… I was like, ‘I just want to go home, I don’t want to deal with this entire process.’
12869	“It was REALLY well managed, there was directional signage everywhere, lots of hand sanitiser stations, and routes around the gym to ensure people didn’t cross paths.
12870	It was reported that Hansika Motwani was not getting good offers these days.
12871	It was right to support hospitals, and it’s right to support our nursing facilities with $290 million in immediate financial support because they are at the epicenter of this struggle in Pennsylvania.
12872	It was ruled a fumble, but given back to SEA because “replays didn’t show clear recovery by either team”.
12873	It was said that he had continued to practise during this period.
12874	It was so much hate at once.
12875	It was so unnecessary to recycle someone else's lines, because Biden was a gifted orator, Andrus said: "He would amaze his audiences."
12876	It was stated that the whiskey had been sold near the ferry landing nearby on the Sabine River.
12877	It was stated that what the ladies did was unnecessary.
12878	It was subsequently discovered that she had also lied about her medical qualifications and she was struck off.
12879	It was such a boondoggle, with logs left hung up on falls and ledges, it led to a town vote over whether to sue the lumber company for leaving a mess (residents declined to sue).
12880	"It was such a magical place for so many people for such a long time," said Dr. Mike Amylon, a pediatric oncologist at Stanford.
12881	“It was that way when I was young.
12882	It was the 47th career blast for the Rockingham native and he finished the 2020 season with 49 career homers.
12883	It was the best session since July.
12884	It was the Democratically controlled Congress that introduced and passed the Venezuela TPS Act of 2019.
12885	It was the failure to get agreement for the 2019 draft budget that triggered last April’s election.
12886	It was the fee figure Kartik wasn't impressed with.
12887	It was the first time a team had won back-to-back Super Bowls since the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 70's and they did so emphatically, blowing out the John Elway and the Broncos by 45 points.
12888	“It was the first time that I felt truly unsafe,” said Strine, who was traveling to see her family following the passing of her grandmother.
12889	It was the goal when I won the championship last year.
12890	It was the last section he needed to clean.
12891	"It was the most exciting experience I've ever had in my life", says Elias.
12892	It was then agreed to send a truckload of potatoes to Berra.
12893	It was then still a few kilometres from Khatakurabahal.
12894	It was the real Luther.
12895	It was the ride to get there that she liked the best.
12896	“It was the worst state of squalor that I have seen, and the children were affected.
12897	It was this which drove her to join her local group and lose the weight for good - a move which she says saved her life and her marriage.
12898	It was thought at the time the fence would help with security and illegal dumping at the time, however it has failed to hamper illegal dumping.
12899	It was Threadgill’s third win of the series.
12900	It was through this activity that, five or six years ago, she met the anonymous donors, who have lived in Portland for about 25 years.
12901	It was too harsh,” read the statement.
12902	It was to supposed to have its grand opening in April.
12903	It was unclear when the alleged possible suicide attempt took place.
12904	It was unfortunate that the former government did not make use of this laboratory as a means of boosting its testing capacity.
12905	It was unfortunate to give up the penalty the way that all transpired, but I was pretty pleased with the first half.
12906	It was upgraded during the COVID-19 lockdown.
12907	It was up to the country’s leaders to address “the real concerns of many of those who voted against EU membership”.
12908	“It was very fascinating, this is the first time this is happening, at least for people my age,” said Behrouz Pournezam, 36, who watched the film along with his wife.
12909	It was wrapped in a bright red suit.”
12910	It went viral six years ago and we got a movie deal with Warner Bros., but after many years of script revisions they let the rights option go.
12911	“It will all depend on what the movements are from within the club as well.
12912	It will also result in to IRAs, required minimum distributions and employer-provided retirement plans.
12913	It will always be stronger than you.
12914	It will amaze you at how this can bring you closer to each other.
12915	It will be a “courtesy” call, they said.
12916	It will be available as from October 1. Patients need to speak to their doctors to register.
12917	It will be available to download for free from March 1 via the museum’s website, and takes roughly two to three hours, depending on walking pace.
12918	It will be difficult even if the situation in Japan has become better if infections continue to spread abroad.”
12919	It will begin opening Walt Disney World in phases starting Thursday, in the most crucial test yet of its ability to resume operations while keeping consumers safe.
12920	“It will be hard and probably take around 10 hours, but Dad and I have walked around the course, which is 5km, to prepare and I have been playing lots of holes after school,” he said.
12921	It will be interesting to see the impact of such a move when it comes to products output by Google.
12922	It will be interesting to see what changes after Antonio Brown joins the offense, given how his two most recent stints with other teams ended.
12923	It will be patrolled by Alexandria Police Department, the Minnesota Department of Transportation and the Douglas County Sheriff's Posse to make sure there are no flare-ups.
12924	It will be published later in the year.
12925	It will be soon-ish.
12926	It will be staffed by a collaborative health team — a rotation of family doctors and nurse practitioners, as well as registered nurses and licensed practical nurses.
12927	“It will be substantially less than letting the current system go,” he added.
12928	"It will be the fourth storm to hit Vietnam in a tumultuous month, during which floods and landslides have killed 1… https://t.
12929	It will be very embarrassing for an agency like NIMASA not to have a management account from 2012 to 2018 then what are you doing there?
12930	"It will be where people dwell and mingle, with a variety of independent shops, eateries and cafes.
12931	It will certainly be more difficult and dangerous.
12932	“It will continue to raise the bar in flight services by ensuring 100 per cent compliance with all safety codes as required by the industry’s regulatory bodies,” she said.
12933	It will give you a chance to meet and talk to new people, as well as do something you enjoy and potentially give back to the community.
12934	“It will have a knock-on effect,” Rashford said, “because things will start to happen in other countries as well.”
12935	It will help for Europe, Japan and other traditional allies to spend more on military research as the cost can not be born by one nation with the worlds highest debt.
12936	It will help them recognise the effort AIFF has put in to take women’s football forward together,” said Ashalata.
12937	It will initially hold 57 migrants, who were rescued in Maltese waters on Tuesday and Wednesday in an operation that is understood to have been coordinated by the Maltese government.
12938	It will make your recipient excited for their first holiday abroad after a long break.
12939	It will mean single lane closures at times.
12940	It will never be an “objective” newspaper, committed to “intelligent discussion” and so forth.
12941	It will not show integrity, it will not demonstrate somebody that has ethical or moral foundation to do what you asked about.
12942	It will slow this invader so our health care system … will have time to treat casualties.”
12943	It will take a while to happen in the West, because of the tremendous amount of capital that’s been accumulated and saved up over hundreds of years.
12944	It will take place Nov. 7 at the foot of the Jimmie Davis Bridge at the River Park Church grounds.
12945	It will take several days to install the replacements and perform necessary testing.
12946	It will take thousands of years for any SpaceX satellites left in our orbit to descend to Earth and burn up in the atmosphere.
12947	It will view it in daylight from a land vantage point to access it further.
12948	It won't be definitive but it will give us an indication.'
12949	It won’t be easy, but when have we ever gotten anything truly amazing out of taking the easy route?
12950	It won’t take Finn long to gather that Jackie Templeton (Kim Delaney) put this Port Charles visit in motion.
12951	It worked perfectly in my experience.
12952	It would absolutely be a challenging battle, but Link is more than capable of defeating Diablo.
12953	It would also be expensive.
12954	It would be a DECADES long quagmire of death and blood.
12955	IT would be a simplification of sorts to reduce Craig Easton’s body of primarily abstract paintings and drawings to a fusion of Eastern and Western aesthetic traditions and cultures, yet there is an element of this dialectic.
12956	"It would be awful.
12957	“It would be coldhearted to stand there, not caring, when you see a little kid fall and hurt herself.
12958	"It would be neat to see where your cotton is being produced and that it's not being blended with other cotton (not enrolled in the e3 program).
12959	“It would be so cool if (summer ball) could turn into as big of a thing as it is in baseball.”
12960	It would be the first time in a thousand years.
12961	It would be very worrying if they weren't.'
12962	It would be wise to continue exercising caution as though were still in level 5 as far as possible — if not for ourselves, then for the safety of those around us, our loved ones included.
12963	It would constitute tricking pensioners as those loans would have to be repaid by their children.
12964	It would especially pay off in the event of a sudden cold snap or increase in precipitation that would increase replanting and late harvest risks.
12965	It would have been a very different world but, to its credit, OnePlus has definitely stepped up in the development of its own OxygenOS Android spin.
12966	It would make sense to see Mando return to Sorgan sometime down the line, which would set up a reappearance for Stoke.
12967	"It would mean he'd be on 80% wages.
12968	"It would not be required to call for evidence from ITV employees involved in his appearance to get to that starting point," Neil Sheldon QC said.
12969	It wouldn’t even take a forensic audit to detect this.
12970	It wouldn’t stretch to a trilogy or a streaming series, but a one-and-done cinematic effort could be a breathtaking, action-packed thrill-ride with a fantastic cast of characters.
12971	“It wouldn’t surprise me if we started to use systems like this as tools to detect the weird biases we have.”
12972	It would seem to complement the dual-threat abilities of junior quarterback Dorian Thompson-Robinson.
12973	It would want to be seen as acting out of its own initiative, rather than as a ‘secretary’ to Washington.
12974	I understand the ORT wanting to address the backlog of files, but there are real people and their homes connected to those files,” Johnson wrote.
12975	"I understand we're incarcerated but you're still supposed to treat us like humans.
12976	“I understood what a big event it was with all the best players playing there together and huge amounts of money on the table as well.”
12977	I urge every Indian to rise up and protest against it.”
12978	“I used to go to Sadar Bazar to get cosmetics which I would sell in weekly markets across Delhi.
12979	“I used to yell at my husband, Jerry, for all the packages he had ordered from Amazon every day.
12980	I use zoom almost every day, especially the last 3 weeks.
12981	I usually have one or two creepy things happen per year that I post about here.
12982	Ivan Reitman directed the original written by stars Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis.
12983	"I've already got about 40 people booked in.
12984	I’ve also got a couple ideas for publishers.”
12985	"I've always been a federalist and states will make their own decisions according to their own priorities," the prime minister said.
12986	“I’ve always had this vision of bringing together Black artists, designers and makers throughout the diaspora,” she said.
12987	“I’ve always loved school.”
12988	“I’ve always said as a joke that if we were both laying on the floor, they’d step over me to get to him,” said Beckie Nash.
12989	“I’ve always told the students that I’m a competitive person and most of the kids have the drive to compete,” he said.
12990	I’ve appointed an education steering committee to help us plan for the September return to classes and I want to publicly thank them for their work thus far.
12991	I’ve been able to participate in online volunteering projects, as well as work on my own non-profit which is something I’d always wished I had more time for.
12992	I’ve been a flight attendant since I was 20. I am 49 now.
12993	I’ve been an armed volunteer security guard, and it’s not just something out of a video game.
12994	"I've been an artist since I was a child," Hough told me, recalling life-changing trips to the Carnegie Museum of Art in his hometown of Pittsburgh.
12995	I've been exploring it and it's incredible!
12996	I’ve been fighting about that one with people for years too.
12997	I’ve been granted settled status, but I was lucky to have chosen a profession that meant I was familiar with immigration law and processes.
12998	I’ve been looking forward to sitting on stage at graduation for 20 years and doesn’t look like it’s going to happen.
12999	I’ve been lucky to do all kinds of genres.
13000	I’ve been meeting every week with the chief of police, Michel Moore, and we feel confident,” Garcetti said during a Tuesday morning press event.
13001	“I’ve been on Zoom calls with them and telling everyone congratulations, that we all made it despite everything that’s going on,” John Valin said.
13002	“I’ve been part of Saracens since I was 14-years-old, and we’ve had some great memories.
13003	“I’ve been streaming on Justin TV/Twitch for seven or eight years now, almost as long as it’s existed,” said Kolcheff, 29, from Detroit, Michigan, referring to Twitch’s original name.
13004	“I’ve definitely played villains before, but never one that just had no regard for humanity.”
13005	"I've encountered some environments in the past where they roll out one new model every six months, and that's just not tenable.
13006	“I’ve got a bone to pick with the White House,” Schumer said, vowing to keep hounding away to end the “dangerous proposal.”
13007	I’ve got a soft spot for the horse and it’s nice to see him frank his winter form from last year,” Cahill said from Eagle Farm where he returned to riding for the first time since October.
13008	“I’ve got sea stories / They’re all true / Might seem a little bit far-fetched / But why would I lie to you”
13009	I’ve got the receipt.”
13010	“I’ve got this pantry and I was thinking of organizing it, but I realized, if I just keep using up whatever’s in it and eating out of it and not replacing anything, it kind of automatically cleans and organizes itself!” she shared.
13011	I’ve got to where I am because I’m adept at analysing and memorising information, while clearly lacking other types of intelligence.
13012	I've had a blast on it so far.
13013	I’ve had Black people tell me that the white man is the devil.
13014	I’ve had other puppies, who also used to “play-bite” and had to be taught bite-inhibition.
13015	I’ve had some really great conversations about accessibility, about Chloe, and how she flips the narrative of abuse of disabled people.
13016	I’ve kept my mouth shut my entire career.”
13017	I’ve known Mari for a long time, and I believe she does understand that, and I believe that she is the best choice to serve as the next Second District Supervisor.
13018	“I’ve never experienced such a beautiful collaborative music project,” gushed LaBrie, whose music has appeared on “Army Wives” and “The Client List” and most recently were recorded by Susan Tedeschi and Gabe Dixon.
13019	I’ve never met some tenants face to face yet I now know them so well and count some as real friends.
13020	“I’ve never referred to Music as disabled.
13021	I’ve never seen the amount of attacks on police officers.
13022	“I’ve never seen the same Phish show twice, that’s one of the best things about this experience is that no show’s ever gonna be the same,” Marcus assured us.
13023	“I’ve never seen this before and I hope to never see it again.”
13024	I’ve returned to using little devotional guides with snippets of Scripture.
13025	I’ve seen it work in long term care facility.
13026	“I’ve seen someone with their finger almost falling off refuse to go to the health centre to get a nurse to help them.
13027	I’ve spent the last few years reflecting on my presidency, and in ‘A Promised Land’ I’ve tried to provide an honest accounting of my presidential campaign and my time in office,” Obama said in a statement.
13028	I've stolen when I can afford not to - little pieces of crap like lip balm (I do the buy one, steal one deal).
13029	I've studied the Great Depression at length.
13030	I’ve told numerous people that – emotionally – Glenwood saved my life.”
13031	I’ve trawled the web for a milk safe, but they’re mega expensive and slightly absurd.
13032	“I’ve tried to live by that, and it’s worked out well.”
13033	I’ve written a bunch of bad stories.
13034	I vividly remember standing in my garden that sweltering day during May 2018, looking through the living-room window to watch their royal wedding (while at the same time trying to develop a tan) and welling up with the emotion and promise of it all.
13035	“I want all of us to stay awake at this point because now we can see that people are starting to open their eyes,” he said, adding that the energy and momentum are high.
13036	“I want Cristina Yang to come back,” she continued.
13037	"I wanted a fresh start for myself and my family.
13038	I wanted Mapula to feel like a child again.
13039	I wanted them to get some rest.
13040	I wanted to be an actor, and my dad had said: “No, you can’t.
13041	I wanted to find a way to provide value to our community and also be able to keep some jobs.
13042	I wanted to get maybe your view on kind of the sustainability of the current trend.
13043	I wanted to hear from The Fort himself on what the city felt like to him that magical playoff year.
13044	I wanted to make sure everybody I was in close contact with knew, and the TOUR told me it would send out a message to all players and staff.
13045	I wanted to pretend that I wasn’t ‘that’ guy – the one, my shame was telling me, who couldn’t be an adult.
13046	“I wanted to sell it to ‘Comber,’ and once the defenseman’s stick was there, I knew I had a good shot right in the middle of the ice,” McManus said.
13047	“I want it to work,” Engel said.
13048	"I want my daughter to survive, if that's what it takes for my daughter to be at home, so be it, we get to live another day," Jones added.
13049	“I want people not to be socially isolated, but socially distant.”
13050	I want someone to get him."
13051	I want them to remember me as a guy who would fight for them and support them.”
13052	“I want to be a dentist, and I don’t want a translator,” she said.
13053	I want to be the mouthpiece to make a star.”
13054	I want to condemn in no uncertain words the outlandish language that he has used against the prime minister of the country,” Vardhan said.
13055	‘I want to get back to Ally Pally, through the qualifiers or however I need to get there.’
13056	“I want to keep assisting our youth and teach them love and empathy.”
13057	I want to make a positive impact in my community.”
13058	I want to make it very clear that I am not advocating for children getting the final say in important decisions such as this one.
13059	I want to make sure we prove it the second time.”
13060	I want to play golf… but my gut tells me that a second surge is coming because the public is letting down its guard.
13061	I want to stay positive.
13062	I want to talk this week about being present in what we are all experiencing.
13063	"I want to thank the Apple systems engineers, AppleCare team and all of those who made this a priority to fix.
13064	“I want to thank the governor of Oyo, Osun and Lagos that made efforts to receive their citizens and take care of them.
13065	I want us to move forward.
13066	I was 15, had my first job and first real taste of disposable income.
13067	“I was able to find something, and now it’s being celebrated, and that’s cool.”
13068	I was actually being honest: If there is too much on a table, I don’t really enjoy my meal.
13069	“I was actually not signed with them at all,” Bates revealed.
13070	“I was all about it,” Leone said of the request.
13071	I was among several winners!”
13072	I was assuming they were going to give it to the heterozygous out there as well as the homozygous.
13073	I was curious to see how they’d credit WWE’s Sasha Banks, who plays Koska Reeves.
13074	“I was excited that I could run my race pretty much like I do all year.”
13075	I was happy that I could put Burlington on the map and represent the town I grew up in on the Wisconsin Foodie show on PBS.
13076	I was intent on attending that meeting.
13077	I was in the dairy business; I still don’t understand it even now.”
13078	“I was just acting out the line, ‘I’ll walk out that door’ – it’s theatre,” he explains.
13079	“I was just focused on going in and I was so excited that we were winning by 30,” O’Han said.
13080	"I was just happy to win a stakes race at his first start.
13081	I was just in Sydney for two weeks in December.
13082	I was just thinking of putting on a little bit of a show, but also having a ton of fun.
13083	I was just waking up, and you can see it in me: I’m not being over-the-top like I am sometimes.
13084	I was like, ‘I feel so small right now.
13085	“I was like, 'wait, he wants me?'
13086	“I was like, ‘Woo, this thing is really real,’” he said.
13087	I was livid, I thought it amounted to a child abuse or neglect.
13088	I was not aware of and take your concerns seriously," he wrote.
13089	I wasn't doing drugs.
13090	I wasn’t into that and it kind of made me feel uncomfortable to start with.
13091	I wasn’t sure what to do.
13092	“I was one of the first to have my applications in and then I didn’t hear anything,” she said.
13093	I was on stage all night and I wanna lay down.’
13094	I was perfectly happy to kiss him.'
13095	I was preparing to go for it when all of a sudden we were told the price has been increased,” he said.
13096	"I was pretty scared to start off with," Stanley said Monday.
13097	“I was quite upset, but it’s not so bad now.”
13098	‘‘I was really excited,’’ he said.
13099	I was really mentally exhausted as the management and HR totally discredited my claims and did not respond to my emails at all, however, still allowed these people to keep repeating (this) aggression toward me at work," Adhikari said.
13100	“I was really proud of our defense.
13101	“I was shocked when I saw people injecting themselves with unsafe, used, makeshift needles.
13102	“I was sort of sure that it will have a very good impact on women because it was talking about them.
13103	“I was starting to worry about how much I was spending, but I trusted Anna.”
13104	I was struck by how he was doubly isolated: behind the door, behind his PPE.
13105	“I was surprised initially,” Beal, a Washington Wizards guard, said in a phone interview.
13106	I was surprised that a 3 year old would notice the quietness and say that.
13107	I was there for nine months.
13108	I was thinking last night about the past five weeks and all the people who have died.
13109	“I was thinking of a place everyone goes, sit in one big room together, they bump into each other, they sit on the same seats then they get on planes together and fly to all corners of Australia.”
13110	“I was told that the other night after the game, they thought our bench was alive, so that’s a good thing.
13111	I was trying to call my oldest, and nothing.
13112	I was utterly charmed and deeply moved from the first page to the last and can’t wait to share Leena and Eileen’s story with everyone.”
13113	I was very impressed with Stefanos Tsitsipas over the fortnight and the way he progressed after almost losing in the first round.
13114	I was very impressed with the state and the defense.”
13115	I was well-provided for at my sister’s house but my co-workers were hungry since all the roadside eateries were closed.
13116	I went down to the Nakano city office to ask about financial assistance for foreigners whose jobs have been affected by this outbreak and they told me that there is none!
13117	“I went from not being able to fully lift my left arm to being able to use the full-range of motion and can lift weights again.
13118	I went from watching what happened to what could have and should have happened.”
13119	I went in expecting nothing but the intellectual nutritional value equivalent of a bag of potato chips, but hoped that it tilted a bit more toward the artisanal kettle chip variety.
13120	“I went into it with nothing to lose,” added Sarault, who also has three individual World Cup medals this short-track season.
13121	“I went out to lunch with my family.
13122	I went there and I vaccinated Santa Claus myself.
13123	I went to one in Tokyo a few years back.
13124	"I went to the pharmacy and ended up with one heck of a sticker shock," said Matlock — the pharmacist told her it would be $390 for insulin and supplies that day.
13125	“I went with ketchup and I stand by it!”
13126	I., who serves on the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
13127	I will also ask Ram Babu (another super fan, from Mohali, to come with me).
13128	I will also encourage and promote initiatives that will result in improved conditions and positive changes for Rock Springs.
13129	“I will always come to Diego Garcia,” said Kelandy.
13130	I will always want to consult them because in consultation with the communities and various stakeholders, we will tackle the issues that are hindering the progress of our town,” he concluded.
13131	I will be destroying my family no matter what I will do.
13132	“I will be eternally grateful to the staff for everything they did to save me.”
13133	“I will be expanding this line of my business when we move and create a bridal registry.
13134	“I will be very happy if the exercise would be carried out within two weeks and before the end of January 2020 to expedite management’s action on this matter,” the document added.
13135	I will charge the FRSC in different states to particularly be up and doing at this time.
13136	I will ensure that we do not go about governance as though we are in a dictatorship.
13137	I will have so many different top athletes and entertainers and day-to-day people like myself from all over the world.
13138	“I will lead an effort to supercharge opportunity zones to attract investment in the district, and I will work collaboratively with either a Trump or Biden administration to leverage federal dollars in our communities.”
13139	I will miss the waving galley.
13140	I will no longer sit back and watch the destruction of this great republic over the FLU.”
13141	I will not be surprised if it could reach CAT 5 super over PHL Sea.
13142	I will note the ones I consider to be somewhat problematic.
13143	"I will repeat what I said before, it was a call to national duty.
13144	I will work with the same dedication, enthusiasm and zeal, with which I have worked for my constituency and its people.
13145	I wish for once the three parties accept the results with those losing conceding and the winners promising to work for the betterment of the region.
13146	I wish they had run the headline by me."
13147	I wish things were different.”
13148	I wish we could clone her and more people could be like her because it truly is a lesson of how we should all live our lives.”
13149	“I wish we would have picked a location with more supporters.
13150	I witnessed them experiencing the power and possibility of words.
13151	“I woke up to a ton of hate mail and death threats.
13152	I wondered what my late relative, Rav Avrohom Genchovsky zt”l, would have to say about the current state of affairs.
13153	I wondered what she did professionally before being relegated to keeping kids and dogs quiet while "the man of the house" worked.
13154	I wonder how much terrorism Hobby Lobby has funded?
13155	I wonder if they’ll keep postponing until all the Ravens players are able to play.
13156	I wonder where we will be this time 2030?
13157	I worked as an export sales manager until recently, which involved a lot of communication and travelling.
13158	I worked with the most extraordinary group of people.
13159	I worried for nothing.
13160	I would argue that these same reasons apply to why a person might want to become a police officer.
13161	“I would be very surprised if Lam’s warning would be heeded in Hong Kong," Tsang said.
13162	I would encourage our school districts, principals and educators to get informed.
13163	I would envision a simple loan program that could help both businesses and their employees.
13164	I would expect a decision during the month of June.
13165	I would go over to the Pelleys’ because Dawn usually had breakfast made … eggs, bacon, whatever we wanted.
13166	I would have loved to have won this year, but I think Dimming Dyslexia are really worthy winners.
13167	“I would have more faith in that argument if there’d been coordination with local law enforcement, with Art Acevedo or Ed Gonzalez in Houston, and there doesn’t appear to have been any coordination,” said Jones.
13168	“I would have never took this picture.”
13169	I would have proposed that after lockdown, the tests would then be administered 5 days later, which would have been on the 20th of April.
13170	“I would have voted to remain but accept that the majority voted to leave the EU.
13171	“I would hope this greenway would help to reverse that decline.”
13172	I would imagine that there is a close correlation between downloads and users but that figure hasn’t been revealed.
13173	“I would just like to thank the matrics.
13174	I would just say it certainly helps to get ourselves acclimated to that type of speed and quickness.”
13175	I would just say the fourth quarter -- looking at the core margin at 3.40%, we feel really good about that.
13176	I would leave my basement garage, take one deep breath Michael, and run down the alley to Quincy behind my building tap on the door, and he’d open the door and I’d take the second breath.”
13177	I would like to further explore the process of social positioning on social media and the role of technological affordances of various platforms in this process and how it links to cyberbullying.
13178	"I would like to go to see a movie.
13179	I would like to make a number of comments on the various claims and accusations.
13180	“I would like to say a massive thank you for all the messages and support I’ve been given over the last couple of days!”
13181	I would like to see policies designed to build resilience in the informal sector, against financial shocks and emergencies.
13182	I would like to thank Punjab CM, he has helped a lot.
13183	I would listen to him.
13184	"I would love it if you auditioned.
13185	I would love to hear your thoughts.
13186	I would never forgive you if you get another strike and leave here".
13187	“I would not imagine that losing to Sheffield would be an event taken lightly given Saudi Arabia’s track record for knee-jerk imprisonments of various Royal Family members.”
13188	I wouldn’t know how Chimobi got the keys to our handcuffs and we escaped again from police custody.
13189	I wouldn't mind seeing someone from the National Guard or another organization assigned to each nursing home/residential care facility with over 50 beds or so.
13190	“I wouldn’t say I feel as though it is a redemption year, but it is a motivation for me to prove people wrong, I use that as motivation to show I can do it.”
13191	"I wouldn’t want us to spend $50 million to $60 million fixing that up, but it would be a number of millions we would have to spend in the relatively short term."
13192	I would rather say there is no cause for alarm!
13193	“I would say it’s a grouping of countries who are interested in strengthening a rules-based order in which all nations are sovereign, strong, and prosperous.
13194	I would say that Moxley and Kenny Omega shouldn’t have had their first match in a wild, anything goes environment.
13195	I would say we’ve offered compromises.
13196	"I would say when Gamora reaches out to Nebula," Harris said.
13197	I would still advice you to change your password on other platforms if you were using the same password at multiple places.
13198	I wrote a “Foreign Affairs” article because I think it’s very important.
13199	Iya-Aliyu, represented by Mrs Margaret Orakwusi, NACCIMA National Officer, recommended increased nationwide sensitisation by CBN and creditor banks on the GSI policy and its implications for bank customers.
13200	Ize-Iyamu is not a godson to anybody.
13201	Jacaranda trees have been in Australia for 150 years and the non-native species are often planted close together, creating a stunning sea of blue and purple over the road.
13202	Jack better have a pretty large trophy room.
13203	"Jack came back and said we’re definitely in his considerations moving forward, which is what we wanted to hear.
13204	Jackett’s men netted twice in a six-minute spell, both from corners, to establish an unassailable second-half lead against the Cod Army.
13205	"Jack had an outstanding season in 2020," said Clarkson.
13206	Jackie shared the revamped wardrobe with her youngest daughter.
13207	Jackline Mensah, a 19-year-old senior high school student final year student have been named inarguably the best TikTok video maker in Ghana for her creativity.
13208	Jack Plummer completed 35 of 42 passes for 367 yards and three scores in his first start of the season for Purdue, which took the ball with 2:01 left at its 39.
13209	Jack’s coronavirus diagnosis adds to a growing list of individuals in President Donald Trump’s orbit to have contracted the virus in recent weeks.
13210	Jackson had two interception-return touchdowns negated by penalties early in the season but eventually got a TD to count with his 8-yard fumble return against the Rams in October.
13211	Jackson is one of Trump’s favourite presidents.
13212	JACKSON, Tenn. — Each season, multiple teams represent the West Tennessee area at the high school girls soccer state championships in Murfreesboro.
13213	JACKSONVILLE (CBSMiami/AP) — A Florida man was fatally shot and a 7-year-old child was hurt when gunfire broke out at a youth football game in Jacksonville on Sunday night, the Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office said.
13214	Jacob A. Wolfe, 35, of Oak Bluffs was arraigned on Dec. 17 charges in Oak Bluffs of assault and battery on family/household member and strangulation or suffocation.
13215	Jacob Blake Snr told the Chicago Sun Times his son had "eight holes"
13216	Jacob's family tried to stop his bleeding before the paramedics arrived, but he died roughly one hour later at Cook Children's Medical Center.
13217	Jada and Will Smith address relationship in ‘Table Talk’
13218	Jaising took to Twitter to make the request shortly after Asha Devi on Friday expressed her disappointment following a Delhi court postponed the date of the execution of the four convicts.
13219	Jake Hager ran out to break up the hold.
13220	•Jake Hager vs. QT Marshall – MISS: Not a good match.
13221	Jake pointed out just how dangerous these guys are.
13222	Jamaica has been particularly hard hit by the COVID-19 pandemic with 4 186 active cases and 8 638 infections overall.
13223	Jamaica’s Health Minister Dr Christopher Tufton (right) welcomes a team of Cuban health professionals to the country recently.
13224	James Abraham is a writer, teacher, owner of Book-Broker Publishers of Florida, and a retired journalist.
13225	James Floyd Kelly runs the excellent Tabletop Engineer channel on YouTube and Bexim’s Bazaar, a monthly tabletop gaming magazine (to which I often contribute a game-crafting column).
13226	James Harley King, 74, of Tollesboro, passed away Thursday June 11, 2020, at St. Joseph London.
13227	James is a politician with an ax to grind, and the current covid-19 lockdown hysteria gives her an opportunity to poke a “deplorable” group in the eye.
13228	James is looking to go 3-0 as an All-Star captain, after his team beat the one picked by Golden State’s Steph Curry in 2018 and topped the one Antetokounmpo selected last year as well.
13229	James Lewis QC, representing the US Government, said Assange had conspired with former US army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning to hack Department of Defense computers and share its secrets.
13230	James McKay, political science professor at the Royal Military College of Canada.
13231	James Naismith, professor of structural biology at Oxford, said the system was only reaching a fraction of the number of people who should be contacted, adding: “It hasn’t been effective at all.”
13232	James, originally from Stoke-on-Trent, took that fight to the CAA and won.
13233	James Pyles with Wells Fargo Advisors at the Bellwether office in Bellingham has recently earned the Retirement Income Certified Professional designation.
13234	James said he tries to take care of his body and trusts that the rest will take care of itself.
13235	James said his grandfather didn't talk about the war — at least not to him.
13236	James Tarkowski in front of him was largely decent, but they need Ben Mee back fast - and Pope to find top form with consistency.
13237	Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson became household names after they starred in erotic romantic Fifty Shades movie trilogy.
13238	Jamie has been acknowledged for his achievements, winning numerous awards for investment performance throughout his career.
13239	Jamie Moe still has a cough but is finally starting to feel better after getting sick late last week.
13240	Jamieson, who made an impact on his white ball debut during New Zealand’s 3-0 ODI series win, picked three for 38 on his Test debut and also took a fine catch in the deep to leave India struggling at 122 for 5 on the first day of the opening Test.
13241	Janaka will focus on production and Ranjith on the next sites that we should develop.”
13242	Janata Dal (U) candidate Shailender Kumar has been fielded from Burari constituency while SCL Gupta will fight from Sangam Vihar seat on the party ticket.
13243	Jan D’Arcy, who was both editor of The Mainstreeter and president of the community association in 2005, says “We got exactly what we were after.
13244	Jane Fonda had continued to be the legend she is as she discussed defunding and ‘re-configuring’ the police in the US – following massive global protests against police brutality.
13245	Janelle had a few more things to say about Dani and that dress.
13246	Jangjorim, soy-braised beef strips with quail eggs.
13247	Janice Hamscher, Altru’s chief nursing officer, offered the Jacobsen family an apology in response to a copy of the family’s letter.
13248	January 20 is Martin Luther King, Jr. Day at the Capitol, and it is typically the time when many school children come to see how government operates.
13249	Japan says it can run up to 22,000 PCR tests a day, but less than a third – around 6,000 tests – are actually conducted on a daily basis.
13250	Japan’s healthcare system is trending downwards into third world territory just like their economy.
13251	Japan’s Kokomo Murase bettered her Aspen 2020 bronze performance with a Slopestyle silver and Canada’s Brooke Voigt earned her first X Games medal with bronze.
13252	Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe expanded a state of emergency to all of Japan from just Tokyo and other urban areas as the virus continues to spread.
13253	Jarallah congratulated the WFP on obtaining the Nobel Peace Prize, which came in appreciation of the program’s role and the prominent activity it undertakes.
13254	Jared Keeso and Jacob Tierney are Canadian treasures.
13255	Jasmine has been sharing plenty of swimwear updates of late.
13256	Jason Scoot Lee has a face that might be recognizable for his roles in many films.
13257	Jason Todd uses the most memorable weapon in Red Hood's arsenal, a pair of magical swords known as the All-Blades.
13258	Jasper Yellowhead Museum and Archives / Jasper Fitzhugh photos.
13259	Ja’Tavia Tapley scored 14 points, Robbi Ryan and Reili Richardson added 10 each, and Arizona State beat Oregon State, 55-47.
13260	Javid had been widely expected to keep his job in the Cabinet shakeup.
13261	Jax is a gorgeous 2-year-old, long hair German shepherd.
13262	Jax once again said “ew” at Schreiber as they made their entrance to Jax’s music.
13263	Jay Vinicki, the assistant city manager, said the city and county are working out administrative and legal issues with the agreement, but the dollar amount of the funding for the city will stay the same.
13264	Jazz coach Quin Snyder reiterated how much this team meant to him.
13265	Jazz’s Donovan Mitchell shares bulletproof vest with police brutality victims’ names stitched.
13266	J B Hunt Transport Services had a return on equity of 25.65% and a net margin of 5.99%.
13267	Jeanette Harper brought her 89-year-old mom Margeurite to live with her temporarily last week.
13268	Jeannie mentions that she has seen it in her social media mentions and to combat the misinformation, she embraces some lucky audience members – and shares a kiss with Loni!
13269	Jeb Bush should have recommended my two new books on education.
13270	Jedi Masters like Plo Koon, Ki-Adi-Mundi, Adi Gallia, Shaak Ti, Aayla Secura, Kit Fisto, and others have been glimpsed in battle scenes or given little time in scenes in the Jedi Council.
13271	Jeff and I strongly disagree whether the “Time of Trump” is good or bad, but I respect him greatly for noting that people are entitled to and should seek to understand alternative views.
13272	Jeff Bezos pays $10 million for home next.
13273	Jefferies was signed to Atlantic Records in the 90s and made a name for herself as a powerful vocalist in house music with the release of her debut album Let Music Take Control.
13274	JEFFERSON COUNTY, Pa., (EYT) – Area schools are sending much the same message home to parents and students as it pertains to Coronavirus.
13275	Jefferson has outstanding hands, ran a better-than-expected 40-yard dash (4.43) and is coming off a prolific season (111/1,540/18) for the national champions.
13276	Jeff left the ring.
13277	Jeffrey Lord, a contributing editor to The American Spectator, is a former aide to Ronald Reagan and Jack Kemp.
13278	Jenkins’ EPs, such as “Or More; The Anxious” and “Or More; The Frustration,” drew influence from other artistic mediums in an effort to “challenge people’s preconceptions and perhaps push them out of their comfort zones.”
13279	Jennifer Dulos’ body has not been found.
13280	Jennifer Landry is executive chef of the restaurant, which opened in the Arts District in September, and the path she took to get there was anything but direct.
13281	Jenny Vyas’ untitled mural at Old Orchard in Skokie represents “sincerity and joy.”
13282	Jerbic is no fan of “dead spots,” which in this context are barren or unkempt portions of downtown.
13283	Jeremiah “Jerry” Harris has entered a not guilty plea to a seven-count indictment that was officially updated and filed a little over a week ago.
13284	Jeremy Cohen has gone from 15,000 TikTok followers to over 600,000.
13285	Jeremy Jacobs has yet to provide the details of this plan to support TD Garden workers.
13286	Jerene loved attending church, baking, spending time outside tending her flowers, and long walks with Gene at the Riverside Zoo.
13287	Jericho is the only member of the Inner Circle who is a bigger star than any of the five babyfaces, so it’s actually a glaring mismatch here.
13288	Jerrick Harding scored 27 points and Cody John 22 on 7-of-9 shooting and Weber State beat Southern Utah 75-65 on Thursday.
13289	Jerry Sheridan, a republican candidate for Maricopa County Sheriff and former chief deputy at the office.
13290	Jersey Office of the Information Commissioner (JOIC), is holding a series of free talks this week (27-31 January), for both organisations and the public to find out how the Data Protection (Jersey) Law 2018 supports them.
13291	Jesse Campbell, Amanda Glanzer, Katy Posey and Jeff Fitzwater give details.
13292	Jesse Ramirez, a recent USC graduate, didn’t remember Biden’s visit.
13293	Jesse said getting everyone to come together had been fun.
13294	Jessey Pacho has been a professional graffiti artist since 2007, and has since incorporated other artistic elements like portraiture and landscape into his murals.
13295	Jessica is the mother of five kids.
13296	Jessica's fresh face and body is the result of a $111,000 plastic surgery makeover, which she underwent with her older sister Anna Cardwell, 25.
13297	Jess Scarane is campaigning for Joe Biden’s old Senate seat with a striking message for a Delaware Democrat: She believes his accuser, Tara Reade.
13298	Jessyka said: “When we had our first child, Agatha, six years ago, we were able to identify her sex during the ultrasound scan.
13299	Jesus, 65, is arriving for a second spell at Benfica, who he managed for six years between 2009 and 2015, winning three league titles.
13300	Jesus please help me to know how much you love and want to share your love with us.
13301	• Jesus’ reassurances not to worry were not an encouragement to inaction, but a warning against materialism.
13302	Jesy Nelson shows off dramatic blonde hair after Chris Hughes 'split'
13303	JetBlue says it plans to increase the number of seats it will fill on planes starting in December.
13304	Jeudy came in no.
13305	Jewelry designers, who work in the excavation area on certain days, will exhibit the sample products that they have prepared using the motifs on the historical artifacts in a fashion show at the Zerzevan Castle.
13306	J.” Fell with the Nebraska Brand Committee.
13307	Jhaveri is one of the 23 persons arrested by the Crime Branch of the Goa Police for participating in a ‘by invite-only’ rave party at the beach village of Anjuna in the early hours of Sunday.
13308	Jigs and minnows are also some of the easiest ways to catch walleyes.
13309	Jill’s tray of treats also got plenty of love.
13310	Jim Clyburn is in support, as you just heard here.
13311	Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) and Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) are definitely “relationship goals” on So, when they finally tied the knot in the two-part season six episode “,” it was an iconic episode.
13312	Jim is currently the chair of the board and a managing member.
13313	Jim Jones‘ “The People” is his latest release, and it’s already racked up 100,000 views on YouTube to date.
13314	Jim Kramer is a partner at MCM Kramer Technology Solutions.
13315	Jimmy happened to be already in the room, and I said, ‘Jimmy, we need you to go out there and say something about Prince before we say anything else.’
13316	Jimmy Kimmel shares touching footage of son Billy’s health battle as he pleads: ‘Vote with your heart’
13317	Jim says the move is a depth move with defensive tackle Michael Pierce opting out due to respiratory concerns over Covid-19.
13318	Jim will assume leadership of Peñasquito in the first quarter of 2020 and report to Dan Janney, Newmont’s Regional Senior Vice President for North America.
13319	Jin can exploit this weakness, as his discipline with his sword fighting may prove capable of anticipating Rikimaru's movements and stop his attacks.
13320	J.M. Wilson can provide coverage for standard and hard-to-place commercial transportation, property & casualty, bokerage, marine, personal lines and surety.
13321	JNBA Financial Advisors now owns 1,006 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $54,000 after purchasing an additional 221 shares during the last quarter.
13322	JNU is a prestigious university, “we want to ensure an atmosphere for students to excel”, he said.
13323	Joanna Bishop took to social media to say a shop owner was in 'tears'.
13324	Joaquin Phoenix, who won Best Actor in a Drama for “Joker,” touched on the climate change-influenced infernos in Australia, as did Russell Crowe, who won for his performance as Roger Ailes in “The Loudest Voice,” and was kept home by the brush fires.
13325	Jobless and homeless Venezuelan migrants wait for the authorities to organise buses to the border.
13326	JOBURG – NSH has looked forward to celebrating standout youth in their various townships.
13327	Joc and Kendra talk about postponing their wedding, BK shares that he lost his uncle and urges people to cherish their loved ones.
13328	Jocelyn Willoughby had 17 points, 10 rebounds and four steals to lead Virginia past UNLV 63-55 in the Duel in the Desert women’s basketball tournament Friday at Cox Pavilion.
13329	Joc Pederson struck out swinging to end the inning.
13330	Joe Biden has an on/off relationship with condemning violence.
13331	Joe Biden held a meeting with emergency workers to discuss methods to counter the coronavirus pandemic.
13332	Joe Biden pitches himself to older Americans in South Florida.
13333	Joe Biden received 67 per cent of votes in Oregon's primary, followed by Bernie Sanders, who received 20 per cent.
13334	Joe Biden's decision on his running mate is drawing closer by the day.
13335	Joe Hart also joined in training with several first-team signings away on international duty, including new signing Pierre-Emile Højbjerg.
13336	"Joe is like your uncle who is on a new drug and hasn't got the dosage right," Williams joked as the crowd laughed.
13337	Joe Johnston was at the helm of Captain America: The First Avenger when it debuted in 2011.
13338	Joel McCollough, far right, at a climate march launch event in Chicago hosted by Food & Water Watch in April 2017.
13339	Joel McHale voices this character, with Summer becoming attracted to him and his lifestyle.
13340	Joe said during the break the WWE medical staff cleared Ford to continue.
13341	Joe’s target, Carole, following his arrest said: ‘Because of his constant threats to kill me, I have found myself seeing every bystander as a potential threat.
13342	Joe wasn't necessarily qualified for either position, and his campaign manager recalled how painful it was to work for Joe in the documentary.
13343	Joe was then asked about Shaq’s son, UCLA transfer Shareef O’Neal, visiting LSU where his dad played and if Burrow had any advice for ‘a big star going to LSU.’
13344	Joggers run across Tower Bridge in London, England.
13345	Johal says potential buyers should consider several factors before they enter the market, including job stability and whether your family is expanding or contracting.
13346	Johannesburg continues to report the largest number of cases in the province.
13347	JOHANNESBURG – Members of the CPF must not use the structure as a launch pad for their political careers.
13348	John A. Macdonald is having a hard time of it these days.
13349	John and his building did eventually settle on a plan: He, and others who could afford it, paid their rent on April 1. They made the decision after realizing that there wasn’t yet a citywide plan of action for tenants in place.
13350	"John Bolton is a witness with first-hand information…Senate Republicans: Americans deserve the truth.
13351	John Calder, a former senior geologist with the province of Nova Scotia who is on the board for Cliffs of Fundy, said the Cliffs of Fundy area was first evaluated in the summer of 2018.
13352	John Culhane is a fellow in constitutional law and co-director of the Family Health Law & Policy Institute at Delaware Law School (Widener University).
13353	John Evans of the Black Boy Inn in Caernarfon said there was 'no point opening under these rules'
13354	John G. Diefenbaker School has sent all Grade 12 students home for more than a week after a number of staff and students came into close contact with a known case.
13355	John had taken his car to David's MOT centre back in February of this year for the first time, following a recommendation from a friend.
13356	John Haltiwanger contributed to this report.
13357	John Kaldor is a NHMRC senior principal research fellow and Scientia professor at the Kirby Institute, University of NSW.
13358	John Legend Talks His Friendship with Kanye West, Says They're in 'Different Places' NowJohn Legend is addressing the current status of his friendship with Kanye West.
13359	John Lewis, Currys PC World, Next and other big High Street names will also extend trading hours.
13360	John Lewis' flagship department store is on London's Oxford Street.
13361	John Lewis (third from the left) joins Rev. Martin Luther King as they begin the march from Selma to Montgomery in March 1965.
13362	John McCain, their Republican opponent, had made his selection for vice president.
13363	John McVay, head of producers’ trade body Pact, highlights that rigorous COVID-safe protocols are to be thanked for the exemption.
13364	JOHN MERRILL: We don't really hear that except from liberal extremists.
13365	Johnny Depp's Grindelwald won't return after all.
13366	John on Thursday told a contested hearing at Heidelberg Magistrates Court he was ill and inside his house as he withdrew from opioids following treatment from cancer and spinal fusions.
13367	John Penrose, the husband of NHS Test and Trace boss Dido Harding, criticised the decision to place his Weston-super-Mare constituency in tier 3 as “illogical”.
13368	John P. O'Grady continued to serve as an independent director on the board but no longer as our nominee.
13369	John Rallo in May 2019 as he leaves federal court in St. Louis.
13370	Johnson also said that Signor-Brown publicly shaming them for their sexuality negatively impacted them as a queer person.
13371	Johnson and her colleagues used a three-step process to determine the number of fish originating from the Tongass and Chugach.
13372	Johnson complied and started getting out her receipt," civil rights lawyer, Randall Kallinen, said.
13373	Johnson is expected to appear in court this week.
13374	Johnson & Johnson stock opened at $144.89 on Thursday.
13375	Johnson said allotting additional days would have been difficult because the new law will require volunteer election inspectors from both major political parties to observe the removal of ballots from their outer envelopes.
13376	Johnson said he will be speaking to Iraq “to support peace and stability” after its parliament called for the expulsion of foreign troops, including British soldiers working against Isis.
13377	Johnson’s Brexit promise is that Britain can now continue these positive economic trends in services and advanced manufacturing while reversing the economic divisions that came alongside them.
13378	Johnson’s claim about EU blockade ‘simply not true’
13379	Johnson’s discussion of this “road map” leads many of the papers in the UK this morning.
13380	Johnstone is scheduled for a court appearance in Leamington on March 19.
13381	Johnston's priority is to give Padmé some much-needed agency, to make her more formidable as a character.
13382	John Van Heck, chair of the Catholic board, said it is a logistical issue because the boardroom is currently being used for internal staff to socially distance while working.
13383	John Van Niel, director of the Finger Lakes Community College Muller Field Station, will give an online presentation about his use of trail cameras to capture images of wildlife on Wednesday, November 18, from 7 to 8:30 p.m.
13384	John Vassilaki made the comments at a Sunday press briefing in response to a question by Global News, as officials provided an update on the latest developments regarding the 2,035 hectare wildfire.
13385	John was an avid music lover and enjoyed listening to jazz and polka.
13386	John Wesley of course had himself always remained with Britain's state church and from that vantage point fervently assumed a spiritually custodial stance towards the nation.
13387	John Wick's personality works in his favor in the confrontations he faces.
13388	John, you’ve been involved in some actual successful state-led efforts, local efforts to turn things around, for example, you were involved in Louisiana in getting Amendment Two passed which got rid of anti-black Jim Crow jury laws.
13389	Joining the guild of evil people behind the desk are Alex Wesker and Ozwell E. Spencer.
13390	Joining us now is another entrepreneur who has been set back by this pandemic.
13391	Joining us now to answer your questions is Dahlia El Gazzar.
13392	Join these Movie discussions on our forum!
13393	Jolly Mazumdar is the chief executive officer of Chimeron Bio.
13394	Jonathan Bernier made 29 saves and stopped two more shots during the shootout.
13395	Jonathan Birch argued: "There is nothing in there about public display.
13396	Jonathan Chapman, Naval Surface Warfare Center Panama City Division (NSWC PCD) procurement lead designed a lip reading kit for the hearing impaired with the help of fellow employees and a 3D printer.
13397	Jones added: “We will miss working with him and want to extend thanks to him for his dedicated service to this community.”
13398	Jones also noted those styles are accessible to more casual beer-drinkers, who are often attracted by additions of fruit flavors.
13399	JONES BEACH, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) testing began Wednesday on Long Island with the opening of Stony Brook University, and also private urgent care facilities.
13400	Jones completed 25 of 41 passes for 256 yards with two touchdowns and two interceptions.
13401	Jones then questions Amedure about his sexual fantasies.
13402	Jones was hot off a breakout performance in Jordan Peele’s ‘Get Out’ and Jarmusch thought the young actor would be perfect for what would become his 2019 comedy horror film ‘The Dead Won’t Die’.
13403	Jones was released on his own recognizance.
13404	Jones, who is 41 and grew up in Cincinnati, said Webster enjoyed the family vibe of the place.
13405	Jones, who worked as a pediatric intensive care nurse in what became University Hospital, is accused of killing five children ranging in age from 3 months to 2 years.
13406	Jon Garner was killed with a 38. And, what's more, Norton says the missing pistol belonged to Sandra.
13407	Jon Hamm sports a fun yellow bucket hat while going for an afternoon run near his Los Angeles home.
13408	Jon has not only bagged himself a slot at the coveted Royal Variety Performance but will also receive a whopping £250,000.
13409	Jon is also involved with his solo project where he performs originals and covers alike.
13410	Jon Lester was a perennial winner and a grinder who found ways to win games despite never being the most dominant pitcher in the game.
13411	Jordan Dumais, Brendan Tomilson and Zachary L'Heureux found the back of the net for Halifax (2-4-1).
13412	Jordan said he’s “in shock” over Bryant’s death and shared his condolences with Bryant’s wife Vanessa, the Lakers and basketball fans worldwide.
13413	Jordan Selig did not respond to a request for comment.
13414	Jordan Wallace grabbed 10 rebounds as Rutgers had a 43-30 edge on the boards, including 22-10 on the offensive end.
13415	Jordan will insist she believes her team conspired to tamper with evidence.
13416	Joseph Brusuelas, chief economist at RSM, said it’s a sign that stimulus programs such as the Paycheck Protection Program, which provides emergency loans to struggling small businesses, have been effective.
13417	Josephine “Jo” Rosano, 71, of Bristol, passed on Monday evening, January 13, 2020.
13418	Joseph M. Nixon, a lawyer for Ms. Lewis, said that he had filed a notice of appeal and would file a motion for emergency relief on Thursday afternoon, effectively stopping the hospital from removing Tinslee from life support.
13419	Joseph P. Lucia & Associates LLC now owns 374 shares of the company’s stock worth $49,000 after acquiring an additional 126 shares during the period.
13420	Joshi also claimed that on October 26, when Wasan gave the cheque to Prasad, he made him sign a paper claiming that all dues had been settled.
13421	Josh Mathews made sure to introduce the TNA on AXS show…
13422	Josh Morris, the man involved in one of the biggest NRL transfers of the year, fears it may have all been for nought.
13423	Josh Satok has spent many years working in the world of Jewish camp, most recently as the Senior Assistant Director of URJ Kutz Camp.
13424	Joshua Johnson-Lionel plays Onion, the young slave who narrates the story.
13425	Joshua saw this, and decided to see if they can digitise the concept.
13426	Joshua Studdard goes toe to toe with Tumelo Matsane in the bantamweight division for the Gauteng title.
13427	Journalist at Iran International TV, Nargess Tavassolian, said: “More news of these crimes have come to light, but do keep in mind that many times these crimes are not reported, and they do not find their way into the media."
13428	Journalists posting on Off-Guardian have done a magnificent job in locating dozens of dissenting virologists.
13429	“Journalists shouldn’t be the story,” Shelley said.
13430	Joy added the signature porticos, stucco exterior and the terraced Italian garden.
13431	JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Discover Financial Services by 42.6% during the 1st quarter.
13432	JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a CHF 50 price objective on shares of Lafargeholcim and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday.
13433	Juané Bresler (2019 deputy head girl) and Daniella Joubert were thrilled to receive their matric results at Hoërskool Goudrif on Wednesday.
13434	Jude Ikenuobe is one of them.
13435	Judge Amy Coney Barrett, President Trump’s nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court.
13436	Judge backed the position of Chicago Cubs pitcher Yu Darvish, who felt the penalties imposed by baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred were insufficient.
13437	Judge Durham Hall said that grooming was at the heart of the case, noting the young age of the boys (14, 15 and 16) and said: ‘What you demanded and showed were blatant and the disgusting level to which you sank, Mr Tetley, was quite unbelievable.’
13438	Judge Ward Clarkson ruled last Friday that there is enough evidence for Latunski to stand trial.
13439	“Judgment is coming.
13440	Judy wanted to take responsibility right away but when Steve forced her to keep driving, Judy did everything she could to improve Jen's life before confessing the truth to her.
13441	Juetten: How did past projects and/or experience help with this new project?
13442	Juliana Reed had a pair of hits to lead the Badgers.
13443	Julian Assange wore reading glasses and thumbed through his papers, raising a fist to his supporters in the gallery.
13444	Julianne Hough and Gabrielle Union aren’t at the table this winter.
13445	July 4th is iconic for oriental dance giving it a platform in bollywood cinema, stage & youtube globally!
13446	July 7 (UPI) -- An Iowa man whose wedding ring plunged into the murky waters of a lake received some help from a pair of men with an underwater metal detector.
13447	July-September 2015 -- Shooting for "Ghostbusters" takes place in Massachusetts and New York.
13448	June 1 came and went with little cause for optimism, and so we decided to bag the trip and reschedule for similar dates in 2021.
13449	June 5: Lawyers for the RCMP and Canada Border Services Agency deny allegations that their officers searched Huawei executive Meng Wanzhou's phones and electronic devices after a border official wrote down her passwords.
13450	Junior and senior high school teams.
13451	Junior receiver Daniel Arias looks to get past two Ute defenders during the second quarter of play at Folsom Field.
13452	Jürgen Klopp has said he wants the Premier League champions to be even more uncomfortable to play against next season.
13453	Jürgen Klopp was adamant Liverpool are not “over the moon” after a 7-0 victory at ensured the champions will be top of the table at Christmas.
13454	Jurists in the PA were instructed to examine whether Dahlan’s residency could be revoked under British Mandate law.
13455	Jurors are also expected to hear statements Berman made about allegedly helping Durst build an alibi for the death of his wife, Kathleen McCormack Durst, according to prosecutors.
13456	Jury selection for the trial is expected to begin on Tuesday following a pretrial conference today.
13457	Just a few weeks ago, he released a holiday album, a collection of classics and new compositions full of comfort, joy and reflection.
13458	"Just a little bit," he said.
13459	Just a massive thank you to everyone involved in the making of this book, from our designer Lauryn Ipsum, to our friends at Dark Horse and to every Critter out there who graced us with their talent!
13460	Just as every Australian is responsible for containing the spread of the virus, every Australian employer, and institution, has a role to play in maintaining the safety net.
13461	Just as it’s easy to overlook how little amounts of money add up, it’s also easy to forget to put those savings to work.
13462	Just as soon as Senior Sergeant George Paton started his evidence, defence lawyer Paul Yovich objected, which led to a 20-minute legal argument between him and the lead prosecutor.
13463	Just before 12:30 p.m. Monday, officers responded to a robbery call at Southgate Centre, Edmonton police spokesman Scott Pattison said in an emailed statement.
13464	Just be there and listen.
13465	“Just catching up on this and have been led to ponder sending the keeper the wrong way for a penalty hit straight down the middle”, drawls Geoff Wignall.
13466	Just eat lots of fruits and veggies, and get ready to poop kibble.
13467	"Just feeling like, you know, we didn't matter as a family," Katelyn Jimenez said.
13468	Just Google the name of a pundit, add Kavanaugh and “sexual assault” and see for yourself.
13469	“Just having users by itself doesn’t mean anything to me,” he says.
13470	Just how many suck days do you get at your job?
13471	Just How Narcissistic Is She?
13472	Justice Banumathi demitted office on July 19.
13473	Justice called the settlement historic.
13474	Justice Celso de Mello gave the federal police 60 days to carry out the investigation requested by Brazil’s chief public prosecutor Augusto Aras.
13475	Justice Ginsburg amassed an impressive collection of collars during her years as one of the only female justices, and even had a special collar for dissenting, as well as one for delivering the court’s majority opinion.
13476	Justice Ginsburg asks Dunne to respond to the assertion that the thousands of district attorneys across the country could bring waves of subpoenas against the president.
13477	Justice Inyang Ekwo had, on December 16, 2019, declared Rivers State as the owner of the disputed Soku Oil Wells/Fields located in Akuku-Toru Local Government Area of Rivers State.
13478	‘Justice Oluwa died 10 minutes after breakfast’
13479	Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in a sharp dissent joined by Justice Sonia Sotomayor said the decision favored religious freedom to the detriment of individual rights.
13480	“Justice Scalia had nine children and not one ever asked him!
13481	Just include the police report or news clip"
13482	Justin Herbert’s paternal grandfather, Roger, played football and ran track for Fullerton College before transferring to Oregon State.
13483	Just in the past 50 years, I think Carter would be on the list of worst presidents (without including his exemplary post-presidency activities).
13484	“Just in the terms of the way I played on clay it was the hardest one for me to adapt to.
13485	Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel’s relationship seems to be stronger than ever after Justin’s PDA scandal.
13486	Just like a foreshadowing of the zombie life ahead if we don’t get our freedom back soon.
13487	Just like any other race, we’re all so special.
13488	Just like OC Nwafor, he got away with everything and nobody could touch him.
13489	Just like the Amotekun which parades hunters, young boys from the Oodua Peoples Congress, OPC, and others.
13490	Just like with a laptop you can open programs or apps, highlight text, swipe between apps, and move the cursor to a specific place on the screen to enter text using any word processing apps.
13491	“Just one example of the many issues that need to be addressed was the need to replace our oxygen-delivery system, since we are running so many ventilators.
13492	Just over a million votes, or 40.4%, opposed Amendment 77. About 83% of votes were counted.
13493	Just please FaceTime me bro.
13494	"Just receiving all of that love is really something beautiful," Halle said.
13495	“Just releasing them on zero bail — they have nothing to lose.”
13496	Just slide away and see the great results!
13497	Just southwest of Thief River Falls, more rows of cut alfalfa had been spread across the field by the wind.
13498	Just taking a moment to note September just finished its fourth consecutive week down (final full week), maintaining a downtrend that began as we rolled over from August into September, setting up an October surprise.
13499	Just think of the destruction wrought to Uganda by Idi Amin when he victimized the 300 000 Indians who were the anchor of that country’s economy in the 1970s.
13500	“Just trying to stabilize things and get folks through this, and then we'll see, we will see in a couple of weeks, what needs to be done and perhaps how to do it,” Kudlow said.
13501	Just under 600,000 people in Ireland received a payment of €350 this week.
13502	“Just waiting for the world to come back to normalcy!”
13503	“Just wanted to drop a quick note,” Edmonds said.
13504	Just want you need to get you over hump day.
13505	Just wear your damn masks guys.
13506	Just when I thought the place couldn’t get any stranger a woman approached the bar through the haze of the vapes, leant across to me and informed me she always carries a spare pair of tights in her handbag.
13507	Juxtaposing archival footage over shots of Ayla following numerous pathways in the search for identity and growth.
13508	JVA Inc. was directed by the BOT to return to the NDDA and consult with local owners.
13509	KABUL (AT Monitoring Desk): Nine Afghan nationals have been arrested and over 1.6 kg of “high grade” heroin has been seized from them during an international drug syndicate bust, the Narcotics Control Bureau said on Sunday.
13510	Kabyle is an Amazigh ethnic group in the north of Algeria.
13511	Kacey subsequently filed for divorce on July 2, citing ‘irreconcilable differences’, according to court documents obtained by Entertainment Tonight.
13512	Kaduna School To Play Key Part In World’s Biggest Grassroots Online Education.
13513	Kaepernick, 32, began his protests in 2016 and began to kneel during the national anthem after Nate Boyer, a former Army special forces soldier who tried out as a long snapper for the Seattle Seahawks, suggested it.
13514	Kahl thinks Schommer’s maturation really stands out.
13515	Kali D. Ames, 21, Duluth, domestic assault, two days in local confinement or NERCC, stay of adjudication for one year.
13516	Kalisto was drafted by himself to stay on the SmackDown brand on Friday, but Raw opted to draft the other members of Lucha House Party minutes before Raw got underway.
13517	Kallon also ordered Alabama to allow curbside voting, in the counties that choose to do so, but only for the Nov. 3 general election.
13518	Kalpin is the Osakis girls basketball coach and activities director at the school as he gets set to try to lead his team and the entire athletic department through what could be more uncertainty this winter season due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
13519	Kamala Harrisâ€™ drift left becomes target as GOP aims to define Dem ticket as â€˜radicalâ€™ While serving as district atâ€¦ https://t.
13520	Kamra’s protest still does not feel right to me but i almost feel it was necessary.”
13521	Kano State received N82.34 billion.
13522	Kansas City Chiefs: $21 million in cap room.
13523	Kante scored the only goal in the 54th minute to leave them comfortably top of the group.
13524	Kanye West’s clothing line.
13525	Kapoor is known for a flamboyant lifestyle and penchant for publicity.
13526	KARACHI: Minister for Education Sindh, Saeed Ghani said that the Sindh govt will not close the educational institutions in the province.
13527	Kardashian has expanded the beauty line to virtually all makeup products and the fragrance brand to over six scent pillars.
13528	Karen Blackfield says the explosions have rocked her West Los Angeles neighborhood for even longer, and they happen around the clock, not just in the evening.
13529	Karen is up to date on vaccinations and available for adoption with a $100 adoption fee, which includes spay.
13530	Karin Forney still remembers when an unusual number of humpback whales started showing up in Monterey Bay a few winters ago.
13531	Karius has failed to win over the Besiktas supportersclub's manager since arriving last year and their form this year has been disappointing.
13532	Karmanos Cancer Institute Launches COVID-19, Cancer & Community SurveyThe survey assesses the impact of COVID-19 response on the health habits of Michiganders.
13533	Kars' blades are more likely to snap against his skin than inflict meaningful damage, putting him in the range of the shark's voracious jaws.
13534	Kashmir was in the throes of a bloody insurgent violence in early 1990s.
13535	Kasiama says it's encouraging, although overdue, to see more of a commitment to change from outdoor industry leaders.
13536	Kasich should have just got corn rows and rapped Crossroads by Bone Thugs N Harmony if he was serious.
13537	Kate also recommends couples spend some time thinking about what they really want out of their space.
13538	Kate asks Toby to text and FaceTime her while she’s away.
13539	• Kate Cain, Nicea Eliely and Isabelle Bourne are the only Huskers to record at least one rebound for the Huskers in all 16 games this season.
13540	Kate has been less active on social media in the past few weeks as her husband, Derek Draper, continues to battle the effects of in intensive care.
13541	Kate has spoken of adoring her time at her £16,950-a-year school, and even made a visit to St. Andrew's in November 2012.
13542	Kate Middleton has worn many royal pieces of jewelry, like Cartier Halo Tiara, she had during her wedding day in 2011, and that is in Queen Elizabeth’s possession.
13543	Kate's husband has been in hospital since March, and while Kate sparked hope over the weekend by revealing he has awoken from a coma, the star has been told his recovery could take years.
13544	Kathie Brekke at the keyboard at Shoreham Chapel in Detroit Lakes, Minn., in June.
13545	Kathleen Van Brempt speaks at a European Parliament plenary session.
13546	Katja De Bock also spoke eloquently about the history of the NFB and the service they provide for Canadian Filmmakers.
13547	Katy Perry talks about 'friction' with fiance Orlando Bloom https://t.
13548	Katy Perry went to the „& Juliet“ musical at the Shaftesbury Theatre in London, England, on Monday.
13549	KAUAI, Hawaii — Chad and Lori Daybell did not have much to say when approached by EastIdahoNews.com Sunday afternoon in Hawaii after they were served with two search warrants.
13550	Kayla Braxton and her crew return, from their own homes of course, to run down all the latest news in the world of WWE.
13551	Kayla is a young woman with a tragic past.
13552	Kazakhstan Embraces Borat with New Tourism Slogan: Very Nice!
13553	KBB has taken steps to observe this year’s World Biodiversity Day falling on May 22 in the village level by holding meaningful programmes.
13554	KBC Group NV Has $213,000 Stock Holdings in Meta Financial Group Inc.
13555	Kean has said he wants to double the state’s koala population by 2050, but state policies have led to increases in land-clearingof habitat after the state’s bushfire disaster.
13556	Keen to compete with the likes of the Nikon Z6 and the Sony A7 III, Panasonic has managed to keep the S5 on the right side of affordable.
13557	Keen will supposedly discover more and more related content for you over time.
13558	Keep an eye on the varying needs of your employees.
13559	Keep away from the immediate areas where crews are working.
13560	Keep encouraging your teenager to talk about finances and to read about money-related matters.
13561	Keeping should be accurate by pant otherwise we will see Saha comes back in next test," a user wrote.
13562	Keeping the engineering design process and project management front and center, students are asked to address an authentic, real-world question: “How can we make the world a better place?”
13563	Keep off Pounds Sensibly, 411 Layton Ave., Jud.
13564	Keep reading to learn more about some of the most high-profile billionaires and multi-millionaires who have publicly supported raising taxes on the 1%, listed in chronological order.
13565	Keep scrolling to see every look she wore that had us screaming YASSS.
13566	Keep the beach clean and do not feed wildlife.
13567	Keep them away from high-power charging, though.
13568	Keep them there in a safe quarantine facility.
13569	Keep the sheriff’s for everyone’s safety!
13570	Keep your distance from other people.
13571	Keep your finances on track and your outlook positive.
13572	Keery impressed me in his first major lead role, but it sure presents a fascinating dilemma.
13573	Keigan Shea of Freeport was surprised but proud of the way the team bonded off the field this season.
13574	Keith Andrade, whose address is listed as homeless, was arraigned Friday in Boston Municipal Court on charges including larceny of a motor vehicle, leaving the scene of a personal-injury accident, and assault and battery with a dangerous weapon.
13575	Keith Giblett, Chair of Queensferry & District Community Council, has welcomed CALA’s willingness to engage with the community.
13576	Keith Lee took part in a triple threat match with Sheamus and Braun Strowman during this week's to determine if Strowman could qualify for Raw's men's Survivor Series team.
13577	Kelly Clarkson Admits She Was 'Miserable' Filming 'From Justin to Kelly'
13578	Kelly Gilmour, Manager and Co-Chair of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee at Deloitte Bermuda, said, “Deloitte is committed to positively contributing to the communities where we live and work throughout the year.
13579	Kelsey Ellis, a new mom and BYU alumna now living in Columbus, Ohio, said she likes to post about her family and everyday events because it provides her a support group of people in her exact situation.
13580	KENAH: So we currently have just about 36,000 people registered.
13581	Kendra was preceded in death by her Papaw and Mamaw, Robert and Dora Dowdy, and Grandfather Conway Smith.
13582	Kennard also recommends securing medications even if your child is not showing any symptoms of being distressed; they may have friends whose mindsets you can not determine at any given time.
13583	Kenney announced that he isn’t going to wait for Health Canada to play catch-up with other credible health regulators before pursuing potential coronavirus tests or treatments.
13584	Ken Oppenheim, an area chair for ESGR, helped organize this Bosslift in part because the Soldiers of the 449th returned from their deployment a little over a year ago.
13585	Kenosha is the site of civil unrest this summer after police shot Jacob Blake, a Black man, seven times.
13586	Kentucky gained just 157 yards but that was enough thanks to an aggressive defense that shut out the Bulldogs’ Air Raid offense.
13587	Kentucky’s newspapers have long been a readily accessible and affordable source for public legal notices.
13588	Kenya is thus a preferred target for Wangiri scammers.
13589	Kenyan law enforcement agencies are still figuring out these techniques and how to disrupt and prevent the practice - something that is easier said than done.
13590	Kenya now has 184 cases of coronavirus, with 7 people dying.
13591	Kenya should “ask why others are not taking the bait,” Kituyi and Mwencha said.
13592	Kenya’s Kibiwott Kandie won the men’s race in 58:58, 18 seconds clear of compatriot Alexander Mutiso in second place.
13593	Keough plays the character exquisitely, but her tortured religious history makes her by nature somewhat detached from more endearing qualities you'd seek in a protagonist, which extends to audiences as well.
13594	KERRVILLE, Texas -- Three members of the Thin Blue Line Law Enforcement Motorcycle Club are dead after an alleged drunk driver crashed into them on Highway 16 in Kerrville, Texas.
13595	Kesrick Williams bowls the first over.
13596	Keston Hiura ripped a go-ahead RBI double to ignite a four-run seventh inning and belted a two-run homer in the eighth to lift the visiting Milwaukee Brewers to a 7-1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday.
13597	Keudell Morrison Wealth Management grew its position in shares of Honeywell International by 2.8% in the fourth quarter.
13598	Kevin Baker and Sean Washington were sentenced to life in prison for a double murder that took place in Camden in 1995.
13599	Kevin Cushing is Patrick Cushing's father.
13600	Kevin Kelley, a spokesman for the Collins campaign, said that early spending — particularly on advertising — was seen as necessary to combat some of the anti-Collins TV ads.
13601	Kevin McCarthy, Steve Scalise, Liz Cheney and Tom Emmer are seeking reelection to their posts.
13602	“Kevin Thomas who may or may not be losing — he’s never met Bill de Blasio.”
13603	Key among them is biological control, which involves the use of living organisms such as parasitoids, predators, microbial agents and nematodes to suppress pest populations to a level that is no cause for alarm.
13604	Key characters from the animated series, like Ahsoka Tano and Kanan Jarrus, survived and continued to represent the Force during the Empire Era.
13605	Key projects include the development and upgrading of cemeteries and the rehabilitation of the Boksburg Lake.
13606	KFC SuperCoach NRL: The greatest try that never was?
13607	Khadra Hassan told Melton-Meaux that her tiny clothing store in the Karmel Mall has been devastated by the coronavirus pandemic, and complained that the government doesn't have a plan for helping small businesses like hers survive.
13608	Khafi shared the news of her engagement on her official Instagram page.
13609	Khaled Zayyid worked long days, driving as much as 80 hours a week for Uber, to provide for his family.
13610	Khloe turned off the comments on her first Instagram post from the trip, which she shared on Wednesday, amid the growing negativity surrounding the family and friends vacation.
13611	Khris Middleton highlighted the surge with a pair of 3-pointers before Wesley Matthews capped the run by dancing around Embiid for a driving layup.
13612	Khula Credit Guarantee has, for example, granted guarantee facilities to Absa to the tune of R60 million for its agribusiness arm and R150 million for funding through its Mercantile Bank.
13613	Kiaaina said Mammoth has become one of her family’s favorite places to visit because it is so different from Hawai’i.
13614	Kiddwaya later apologized to all housemates.
13615	Kidman’s friends weren’t concerned about her health and the actress did not pass out on the set of the show.
13616	Kids are also often plain healthier than adults, Nachman says.
13617	Kiefer Sutherland and Joel Schumacher attend a conversation with Joel Schumacher during the Hamptons International Film Festival in East Hampton, New York.
13618	KILLING Eve's Fiona Shaw has talked about the success of the hit show and her plans to never retire.
13619	Killing him off would make those emotions not only more true, but more lasting too.
13620	Kilmer also said Ison’s play wasn’t surprising.
13621	Kimberley have 64 points so far this season, with 31 wins, four losses and two overtime losses.
13622	Kimberly Muller streamed the festival from their residence in London with her husband Gray.
13623	Kim Cattrall also serves as a producer on the series.
13624	Kim Kardashian celebrates son Saint’s fifth birthday with sweet snaps: ‘One of my life’s soul mates’
13625	Kim Kardashian mugs for the camera at home in LA.
13626	Kinda think the official calendar should be based off of his arrival.
13627	Kindergartens have been allowed to resume operations from today, subject to strict compliance with the SOP, Senior Minister Datuk Seri Ismail Sabri Yaakob announced recently.
13628	“Kind of like when they loved repeating FBI propaganda with regard to Russian collusion.
13629	Kindred Biosciences, Inc, a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company, focusing on developing therapies for pets.
13630	King's work is experiencing a renaissance, with multiple adaptations being made for film and TV.
13631	KING: There are sections of the book where you directly address white readers.
13632	Kirinyaga MCAs on Tuesday filed a petition challenging the Senate Special Committee's decision that cleared Governor Anne Waiguru of any wrongdoing after she was impeached.
13633	Kirk Cousins knows a thing or two about playing under the franchise tag, having done so in the 2016 and 2017 seasons before signing a lucrative three-year, $84 million contract with the Minnesota Vikings.
13634	Kirk has a strange way of worming his way into people's hearts, but the character can be annoying.
13635	Kiryu Coco and Akai Haato, two virtual Japanese YouTube hosts, were suspended on Sunday (Sept. 27) from live-streaming for three weeks by Cover, a Japanese startup that owns Hololive, which manages entertainers who perform as virtual avatars.
13636	Kishore Kumar is the only singer who has eight playback singing Filmfare Awards to his name.
13637	Kit Gillet contributed reporting from Bucharest.
13638	Kitty Quinn, assistant superintendent of elementary schools for the Diocese of Columbus, Ohio, said after the COVID-19 crisis hit, the diocese made a commitment to make sure Catholic school staff salaries were upheld.
13639	Kitty, who grew up in Cape Town, showed off her athletic figure in black cropped leggings, a purple fitted vests and trainers.
13640	Kiviranta, in his only game during the series, completed a hat track 7:24 into overtime to give Dallas a 5-4 victory Friday in Game 7, and send the Stars to the Western Conference finals for the first time since 2008.
13641	KLUANG (Dec 19): The government will be concluding an agreement with AstraZeneca of United Kingdom on Monday to purchase Covid-19 vaccine to meet the immunisation needs of 20 per cent of the people in the country.
13642	Knead the dough again for a minute or two, folding and turning, then cover again with a damp towel.
13643	Knowing that there are five cases associated with a school may be useful information, but it is difficult to interpret that information without knowing whether those cases occurred in a school of 15 students or a school of 1,500.
13644	“Knowing the national shortage, we have to prioritize,” she said.
13645	Knowing there are no emergency rooms in space, we had to weigh our options very carefully."
13646	Knowledge of the specific product is another major indicator of a savvy founder.
13647	Known only as ‘Wee Granny’, the clip filmed by her grown-up daughter was shared to Twitter, where it drew an immediate reaction.
13648	Koenen said it could be a reflection of their experiences.
13649	Kogi State government has debunked claims that there was an ‘unexplained death rise’ in the state as a result of Coronavirus.
13650	Koi Love led with Vanderbilt (12-9, 2-6), with 16 points.
13651	Kokk said about 200,000 households across Estonia need faster internet.
13652	Kolawole, who said he won’t vote in November, knows “very little” about Bloomberg and his role in expanding the policy.
13653	Kolkata, Sep 26 : West Bengal Governor Jagdeep Dhankhar on Saturday Said that human rights is the biggest casualty in the state.
13654	Konigsberg’s depiction of depression is nuanced and authentic.
13655	Koo couldn’t speak for several months after he was injured.
13656	Ko Phitak, Chumphon – Located only about 1 kilometre away from Chumphon’s shores, Ko Phitak offers a great getaway into life at sea.
13657	Korean Air Lines Co Ltd is seating passengers as far apart as possible, conducting additional temperature checks on international travellers and requiring all domestic passengers to wear masks, with a few exceptions such as children under 2 years.
13658	Korean house that crash-landed onto a footbridge in the City in 2018 is still there.
13659	Kothari said Crane-Watchmaker was stabbed in the initial altercation inside the home before Whitebear unleashed a blast of pepper spray at Shade and another man.
13660	Kraft, a longtime donor to Jewish and Israeli causes whom Forbes Magazine ranks as the 82nd richest American with a worth of almost $7 billion, is employing several high-priced attorneys to fight the charges.
13661	Kraft’s relationship with IMC has enriched the industry with their collaborative provision of relevant and insightful content, as well as in their shared mission to educate and guide individuals on all sides of the EB-5 movement.
13662	Kraven hasn't yet been cast, leading many fans to suggest certain actors via fan art.
13663	Kris also turned up in several episodes over the past year, including one centered around her longtime friend’s charity fundraiser.
13664	Krissy assumed an extreme wide-legged stance for this one while holding the dumbbell low in front of her.
13665	Kristen confessed everything to Lani Price (Sal Stowers), who helped her bestie escape.
13666	Kristen Welker asked the president to respond to a report that ICE was unable to find the parents of more than 500 children who had been separated from their families at the border.
13667	Kristinn Sigvaldason, chief physician at Landspítali’s intensive care unit in Fossvogur, elaborated on the ventilators.
13668	Kruchten and a second adult adviser chaperoned students in Minneapolis for a DECA-related event.
13669	K. said Henderson was an amazing girl who had the skills and personality to accomplish whatever she might have wanted in life.
13670	KT Rama Rao asked the officials ensure that no pollution of drinking water occurs.
13671	KUCHING: Sarawak recorded no new Covid-19 positive cases today, with the number of cumulative positive cases recorded unchanged at 552, the Sarawak Disaster Management Committee (SDMC) announced.
13672	KUCHING: Sarawak United Peoples’ Party (SUPP) Youth chief Michael Tiang has urged both federal and Sarawak governments to extend their financial aid to businesses which operations are still prohibited under the Conditional Movement Control Order (CMCO).
13673	Kuhns said the lines “Wearing branches like a crown / Or a flag or a tower / It depends on the time / It depends on the hour” are about imagining yourself to be something more interesting when you feel isolated or unnoticed.
13674	KUHN: Well, this rapid acceleration in case numbers has produced a lot of psychological impact.
13675	Kuldeep Narayan Bora, a resident from river island Majuli spoke for the need of more effective management during the annual floods of the state.
13676	Kuldeep Srivastava, head of the regional forecasting center of IMD, said the region is not likely to witness a heatwave till June 15.
13677	Kumar, 14, lives in San Jose, California, and first learned about Muttville five years ago, when a neighbor told her about the organization.
13678	Kumiko tries her best to remain focused on her own goals though, including teaching a group of delinquent high school kids.
13679	Kuomintang troops first fled into Myanmar in 1950 from Yunnan Province after they were defeated by the Chinese Communist Party in the Chinese civil war.
13680	Kurdish officials said that about 1,000 prisoners were still on the loose inside the facility, and that some detainees managed to escape during the breakout.
13681	Kuwait Emir Sheikh Sabah leaves behind an.
13682	KVUE-TV's Ashley Goudeau, KUT-FM's Ashley Lopez and The Texas Tribune's Patrick Svitek moderated the discussion.
13683	KWANDENGEZI resident, Nokuthemba Gumede provides a place of safety and comfort for 30 children.
13684	Kwasniewski, who finished sixth as a sophomore, hoped to improve on her third-place finish from last year.
13685	KwaZulu-Natal and indeed, the whole of South Africa, has recently been plagued by a spate of drownings, both in the ocean and in rivers and public and private pools over the holiday season.
13686	Kyle McNicol among them and, once again, taking first place.
13687	Kyle Walker faces investigation over breaking lockdown rules to ‘host sex party’
13688	Kylie Jenner 'is refusing to answer calls from her momager Kris after Forbes claimed she faked her way to billionaire status by fabricating financial documents to inflate value of her cosmetics brand'
13689	Labor MK Merav Michaeli, who said she refuses to sit in a government under Netanyahu will be the only Labor MK to remain in the opposition, together with the Arab Joint List, Yisrael Beiteinu and Meretz.
13690	Labour camps also wear a deserted look with barely a few compartments of massive settlements occupied.
13691	Labour opposition and some government Tory MPs say he is unfit to represent the UK due to his views on climate change and past "misogynist" and "homophobic" comments.
13692	L:A Bruket’s Marais boutique offers same-day delivery in Paris of free sample kits of product tailored to specific beauty needs.
13693	Labs test artificial intelligence, virtual reality and other innovations that could improve learning and lower costs for Generation Z and beyond.
13694	Lacking a recording of the 2018 meeting, how can anyone know exactly what was said, including what nuances that conversation may have held?
13695	Lacking the injured Harry Kane and Heung-min Son, 's Spurs had no answer and fell to a damaging defeat in their bid for Champions League qualification.
13696	La Crosse led 2-0 after three innings, but the Booyah’s offense came alive for the rest of the game.
13697	LA CROSSE, Wis. (WKBT)–Logan beat Central 56-54 with the help of a late second field goal from Jojo Davis.
13698	La’el Collins has been out since before the 2020 season began with a hip injury.
13699	Lagos — The African Democratic Congress (ADC) has said the ongoing protests against police brutality is an indication that the youths are tired of the status quo.
13700	L.A. issues stay-at-home rules amid COVID-19 spikeLos Angeles issued a modified stay-at-home order Wednesday night mirroring new L.A. County rules.
13701	“Lake Bell is a creative force of nature whose incredible talent extends from acting and directing to writing and producing,” 20th Century Fox TV president of creative affairs Carolyn Cassidy said.
13702	LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — The Toronto Raptors will face a familiar opponent in the first round of the playoffs — the Brooklyn Nets.
13703	Lake of the Woods County doesn’t own any boat ramps on the Rainy, but members of its county board approved restricting rights-of-way to the accesses within the county.
13704	Lakewood township in Ocean County, which is home to a large Orthodox Jewish population, is one of the leading hotspots.
13705	Lakhani said she met many of her friends through the Muslim Student Association and learned more about the resources available to students by joining the club.
13706	La Mariña will exit its new lockdown on Friday, just two days before it is due to take part in the Galician regional elections on Sunday.
13707	Lamont ran for U.S. Senate in 2006, briefly become a national icon of the anti-war left as he challenged Joe Lieberman in a Democratic primary.
13708	Lamping said the recent relocation of the Chargers, Raiders and Rams will move all three out of the bottom fourth of the NFL in local revenue.
13709	Lamps like those emit ozone that can be toxic to the lungs -- but newer, UVC LED lamps are a potential hazard, as well.
13710	Lana has officially won the Women's Dual Brand Battle Royal and is now the number one contender for the Raw Women's Championship against current champion Asuka.
13711	Landlords do not receive any tax breaks in Hong Kong for joining the Light Be network.
13712	Landmark Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in Johnson & Johnson were worth $396,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.
13713	‘Land Survey Dept regarded as model agency for innovation’
13714	Langdon-E-M lost in the first round each of the past two seasons and wound up finishing fifth.
13715	Langer won the tournament in 1985 and 1993.
13716	"Language barriers can create limited understanding for people, but once they have a good understanding of theory and how things work, then they become more confident in themselves," Nunia says.
13717	Languages borrow from English with abandon.
13718	Lani was heaving, which gave Gabi a moment to elbow Jimmy and she got free while Eli subdued Jimmy.
13719	Lantz said it was a toy gun that went with his costume, and he isn’t sure he brandished it at anyone.
13720	Laois girl settles High Court action for €9.
13721	La Parka was never able to recover from the injury.
13722	Large bodies of water and ice can take hundreds of years to respond to changes in temperature.
13723	Large crowds were expected both inside and outside.
13724	Large in-person meeting and gatherings are postponed or cancelled.
13725	Largely Democratic states spend $706 per person on police and corrections while Republican states spend $508 per person.
13726	Largemouth bass are in 2-3 ft. of water.
13727	Large numbers of police have been deployed, blocking key areas.
13728	Large-scale national random testing should also be started, with the goal of covering 200,000 individuals.
13729	Larry Leckonby, Catawba College, Athletic Director: “This is an outstanding honor for a whole group of people that work as hard as anyone else at Catawba and care about every one of their 500+ student-athletes in 23 different programs.
13730	Larry Scott went long — so long that now the good times seem like a lifetime ago.
13731	Lasley revealed that striker Chris Long apologised to his team-mates after being sent off against Hamilton at the weekend for picking up two yellow cards in the first half, which means he misses the visit of the Buddies.
13732	Lassen County diagnosed its first coronavirus cases on May 22, after it had advanced reopening.
13733	Last Friday night in an eerie apocalyptic scene, Pope Francis ascended steps in an empty Saint Peter’s Square that was built to hold 300,000 people.
13734	Last kicks of a dying horse, bill 10 has fallen.
13735	Lastly, the Reserve Bank has revived a measure from the GFC playbook, opening the equivalent of a pawnbroker's window that cash-strapped banks can access.
13736	Last March, when Odyscea Kian, a mother in Gainesville, Florida, began warning her 8-year-old son, Roman, about a contagious and potentially deadly new virus, he seemed OK — at first.
13737	Last May Instagram introduced ads in IGTV and the ability for fans of influencers to purchase badges in their Live setting, letting them stand out in the comments and have access to a special heart.
13738	Last May, the new project Life Lynx Connect, for the protection of the Iberian Lynx successfully passed the European Commission’s evaluation.
13739	Last month a memorial to late Washington Redskins' founding owner, George Preston Marshall, who fought against the racial integration of the NFL, was removed from RFK Stadium, its former home.
13740	Last month Boris Johnson said a number of businesses in the hospitality sector could open their doors on July 4, but they will have to follow strict guidelines and show they are ‘Covid-secure’.
13741	Last month, Instagram rolled out a new feature that warns users when they are about to upload a post that features potentially bullying language in the caption.
13742	Last month, one person was killed and three others injured in an anti-tank mine explosion in the Kapango district of the eastern Moxico Province.
13743	Last month, President Kiir –also the chairperson of the taskforce, imposed a night curfew across the country for 30 days as a preventive measure against COVID-19.
13744	Last month the BoE said it would stop offering three-month loans under the programme, and on Friday it said it would hold its last weekly tender for one-month funds on June 26th.
13745	Last month, the Commissioner for Standards admonished Tourism Minister Julia Farrugia Portelli for allowing Chetcuti Cauchi to film about the passport scheme inside Castille.
13746	Last month was amazing with you, boss.
13747	Last night, Boris Johnson warned things would "get worse before they get better," suggesting tougher lockdown measures will be enforced if needed.
13748	Last night, some of them even tweeted along during the episode.
13749	Last night, the comic book nerd world was completely upended when began to leak out that the long-debated, highly-anticipated, nearly-mythological “Snyder Cut” of is actually on the verge of being released.
13750	Last night, the police had claimed that four militants were killed during an exchange of fire in the same district.
13751	Last season, United went to Molineux in the FA Cup and were thoroughly beaten by an effervescent Wolves side.
13752	Last spring, in consultation with the members of the 2020 Graduation Class, the university decided to postpone the May 2020 commencement ceremonies until December.
13753	Last summer, he interned at Google’s headquarters in California as a software engineer in machine learning.
13754	Last summer the Black Caps played in Australia's traditional Boxing Day test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground and the previous year New Zealand hosted one for the first time since 2014 against Sri Lanka.
13755	Last viewers saw of Kara's best friend, Winn had left for the future with the Legion of Super-Heroes when he ended up taking Brainiac-5's place on the team as an AI virus in the 31st century put Brainy at risk.
13756	Last wee a police officer was charged with stealing police radios and accepting kickbacks as he worked with dishonest operators.
13757	Last week a shootout between jailed al-Shabab members and security officers at a prison claimed at least 20 lives.
13758	Last week Barca announced they had reached an agreement with the first-team squad for a wage cut in a bid to fall in line with new La Liga salary caps.
13759	Last week, Chris Harrison told me that this season was like a horror movie: Tayshia Adams was hiding around the corner, we just didn’t know which one.
13760	Last week de Blasio sent police to padlock a playground in the ultra-Orthodox Williamsburg neighborhood in Brooklyn for coronavirus distancing violations.
13761	Last week, Delhi chief minister Arvid Kejriwal was also tested for covid-19 but his report came negative.
13762	Last weekend, former Dodgers outfielder Jay Johstone died at age 74 from complications related to COVID-19.
13763	Last weekend, he gave as his principal reason a clash of world views with the current administration, particularly with the inclusion of the Conservative People's Party of Estonia (EKRE) in the coalition.
13764	Last weekend, Seattle dispatched the Eagles in Philadelphia in the Wild Card round.
13765	Last week, four days after urging Canadians to exercise patience with the protesters, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said enough was enough.
13766	Last week, Groote Schuur Hospital nursing assistant Judith Parenzee said that, at first, they were not sure of what to expect, but once Covid-19 started filling up intensive care unit beds, “it is like war”.
13767	Last week, he said he wanted to speak with Freeland about Canada's softwood lumber deal with the United States.
13768	Last week I wrote about how housing permits and starts have followed their typical pattern of responding to mortgage rates, in the case of the past several months, lower rates which led to more permits and starts.
13769	Last week, Lioli announced that it had signed nine new players and Nyarko's was conspicuously absent from the list.
13770	Last week, MDS and I went 2-2 in the wild-card round, properly believing in the Texans and Seahawks but blowing it as to the Patriots and Saints.
13771	Last week, Netflix introduced a way to add a PIN code to access content.
13772	Last week, Rewiring America made its big debut with a showing that rapid decarbonization through electrification would create 15 million to 20 million jobs in the next decade, with 5 million permanent jobs after that.
13773	Last week's episode of "Outlander' saw Brianna and Roger attempting to take their son, Jemmy, through the standing stones.
13774	Last week, she teased the music video for her new single, “Heaven’s Calling.”
13775	Last week’s top-gaining stocks on the TSX were Crew Energy, Nuvista Energy, Advantage, Horizonte Minerals and Painted Pony.
13776	Last week Taoiseach Leo Varadkar announced all schools, colleges and childcare facilities were to close until 29 March.
13777	Last week the also publicly traded shares of Gannett, the parent company of (known in the trade as McPaper-free at Motel 6s) earned the often kiss-of-death designation of “penny stock” as they dropped to less than a dollar each.
13778	Last week, the CoC had met to discuss the way forward for the airline.
13779	Last week, the Maryland governor's office said it had issued a statewide alert warning against ingesting or injecting disinfectants following the president's remarks.
13780	Last week, unseasonably warm conditions persisted across western Iowa with near-normal temperatures across the state’s eastern one-third, says Justin Glisan, state climatologist at the Iowa Department of Agriculture.
13781	Last year, Britain's Prince William launched a multi-million pound prize to find answers to Earth's biggest environmental problems, saying the planet was now at a tipping point.
13782	Last year coverage for Year 9s ranged from a low of 56.7% in London's Waltham Forest to a high of 96.7% in Telford and Wrekin, in Shropshire.
13783	Last year, Hansen led the nation in forced fumbles.
13784	"Last year I had the incredible opportunity of visiting some of the many beautiful places in my homeland for the first time," Minogue said.
13785	Last year in October, JNU administration announced a hike in hostel fee, including introduction of service and utility charges.
13786	Last year, it turned over £500,000, ($637,000), a 200% increase on the previous year, and this year, despite Covid-19, they are on track to achieve the same level of growth.
13787	Last year’s AL Rookie of the Year Yordan Alvarez suffered a season-ending knee injury in August.
13788	Last year several oil services companies like Superior Energy () and National Oilwell Varco () announced layoffs.
13789	Last year, Smollett filed a police report claiming he had been beaten by two men in Chicago in what was described as a racially-charged and homophobic attack.
13790	Last year’s winner in this category, “Skin,” was an English-language short with recognizable actors that culminated in an obvious but effective twist.
13791	Last year the average cost was £18 per tonne of CO2.
13792	Last year, the fire department had received 245 such calls on the festival day, the official said.
13793	Last year, the New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement gave sportsbooks the all-clear to accept wagers in NJ on the Oscars and now Indiana has joined the party.
13794	Last year, the theme was Feast of the Seven Fishes, but we were a bit ambitious and ended up with closer to 12 fishes (doesn’t quite have the same ring, does it?
13795	"Last year we had more than 160 people take part in the event," Keeler said.
13796	Las Vegas already took a big step in this direction by successfully bidding to host the upcoming NFL Draft at the end of April.
13797	Las Vegas duo Sunhe, 52, and Angelica, 32, had a double dose of big news this episode.
13798	Las Vegas Parks and Recreation manager Savonta Manor tests out the new outdoor Fitness Court by the National Fitness Campaign on Tuesday, Jan.
13799	LAS VEGAS — The racing bug hit the Busch family long before the NASCAR champion brothers were born.
13800	Latara Renee Joe, also known as Latara Ren`nee Joe, 35, of Port Arthur was indicted or assault-family violence for an incident that occurred May 12.
13801	Late in the day, an avalanche in the city's Outer Battery neighbourhood sent snow rushing down a cliff and into a home.
13802	Late last month a survey for Telemundo put Biden and Trump at 48 and 43 percent, respectively, among the state’s heterogeneous Latino demographic.
13803	Late last week, China warned its citizens not to travel to Australia due to a “significant” increase in racist attacks since the coronavirus outbreak.
13804	Lately Airtel network is bad, but before it was going for me.
13805	Lately, the government has been asking the Food Corporation of India (FCI) to borrow from myriad sources, and not fully paying for the food subsidy which should logically be a budgetary item.
13806	Lately they've been saying, 'Destroy the GOP!'
13807	Late next week the province will require all workers in continuing care facilities to work at only one site, to help prevent the spread of illness between facilities, Hinshaw said.
13808	Late-night host Jimmy Kimmel issued an apology Tuesday for his “embarrassing” portrayals of Black celebrities.
13809	Late on Thursday night, Mohammed Nawaz’s dining table in Oldham was groaning under an Eid al-Adha feast carefully prepared for the following morning.
13810	Later, after pondering on what his uncle wanted for him, he decides to contact ex Sarah for Diana's contact details.
13811	Later, Atkinson returned to Jacksonville with her friends.
13812	Later in April, you can look forward to the Earth Day event as well as an update that will bring in some new features.
13813	Later in life, he would be well known for his talents as a speaker, a lawyer, a fighter and a diplomat.
13814	Later, Olson also alleged that Al Gafari sent her a “sexist” direct message on Instagram.
13815	Later on in the meeting after some other matters were put to bed, Chairman Johnson brought Grace Clinic back to the board’s attention.
13816	Later, Sensenbrenner returns to the same theme: “The closed-door hearings led to a railroad job in the House Judiciary Committee, where a majority denied those of us in the minority our rights.”
13817	Later, she would ferry President Wilson to France to participate in the negotiations that led to the Treaty of Versailles.
13818	Later, talking to reporters, Amonkar said they joined the BJP as they support the Citizenship Amendment Act and want to create awareness about it.
13819	Later that month, news footage revealed members of The Line waving their zero-slash flags in the parking lot of Adamson Barbecue, in Toronto, which had opened for mask-free indoor dining in defiance of public health measures.
13820	Later that month, two teenagers were shot and killed while playing basketball, also in Brooklyn.
13821	Later, the opposition leader reiterated a call for supporters to take to the streets on March 10.
13822	Late seasonal conditions are creating a few headaches for North Canterbury farmers.
13823	Latest figures show there have been 116 cases of COVID-19 in the UK, which has more than doubled in the last 48 hours.
13824	Latest news on JEOL LTD.
13825	Late turnovers for the Warriors would result in a pair of threes to give Concordia a 42-31 advantage heading into the break.
13826	Latifur Rahman was chairman and CEO of Transcom Group which deals with beverages, electrical and electronics products, pharmaceuticals, fast food, snacks and breakfast cereals, print media, FM radio and tea plantations.
13827	Latin America does not escape this reality, but it has a series of advantages that could cause the economic recovery to be faster than in other parts of the world.
13828	Laugh all you want about Daniel Jones’s wild run — and ridiculous stumble — against Philadelphia last week, but facts are facts and after that 80-yard run the Giants (1-6) finished off the drive with a touchdown.
13829	Launched in 2009, CASP is a nine-part self-assessment that helps almond growers compare current practices against industry standards and identify areas of improvement across their operations.
13830	Launched in 2014 by former Georgia poet laureate Judson Mitcham, in collaboration with the Georgia Council for the Arts, the Georgia Poet Laureate’s Prize is an annual program designed to encourage works by teen writers.
13831	Launched in the middle of World War II, the Blackhawks were extremely popular when they debuted in Quality Comics' Military Comics.
13832	Laundry strips that come in a cardboard container replace detergent in plastic bottles.
13833	Laura cannot relate or otherwise groans at the dad jokes, but nevertheless goes along with his supposed words of wisdom.
13834	Lauren and Micah Sims, who are parishioners at Christ Our King Church in Mount Pleasant, talk emotionally about the struggles to start a family and how the program brought them closer to each other and to God.
13835	Lauren Boebert, a Glock-wearing conservative firebrand, won the race for Colorado’s sprawling Third Congressional District on Wednesday, holding the seat for Republicans as they tried to limit their House losses.
13836	Lauren Boebert poses with attendees at a Gunnison County barbecue wearing “Trump 2020” masks.
13837	Lauren Noth added seven points.
13838	LAURINBURG — Michelle McCrimmon, 29, of Carver Street was arrested Saturday for larceny and second-degree trespassing.
13839	Laurion Mineral Exploration announced that it is proposing to complete a flow-through and non flow-through private placement on a non-brokered basis.
13840	Lavair was created with style, fit and substance.
13841	Law enforcement identified Gulick through his social media posts, including several with the words “Deus Vult” and several anti-abortion posts, according to court documents.
13842	Law enforcement officials said the three men and two women appeared not to have sustained life-threatening injuries.
13843	“Law enforcers said I cannot sell juice on the street.
13844	Lawley’s Bakery chief executive Sarah Thomas has introduced provision packs for customers so they can grab food essentials in bulk without breaking the bank.
13845	Lawmakers also will consider potential election-year tax cuts, with DeSantis proposing sales-tax “holidays” for back-to-school shoppers and for hurricane preparations.
13846	Lawmakers said it was crucial that the Trump administration implements the Uighur rights law - as well as a separate act on Hong Kong and an upcoming initiative on Tibet.
13847	Lawmakersvoted to approve severalfinal amendments on Thursday, including the addition of a 45-day implementation window.
13848	Lawns are not good for the environment.
13849	Laws should be enforced neutrally w/o targeting religious faith.
13850	Lawton, 39, says she contemplated a move from skip to third even before Silvernagle called her two years ago.
13851	Lawyers say the delay is unlawful because it contravenes the Commonwealth’s own Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act, which required the Environment Minister to release the strategy by May 2019.
13852	Lazaro signed too late to play in Saturday’s FA Cup fourth-round tie at home to League One Oxford United in front of a 52,000 sell-out crowd as Newcastle aim to reach the fifth round for the first time since 2006, but Bentaleb could start.
13853	Lazing around the house is not.
13854	LCNH plans to immediately commence the buildout of Bar X Ranch, with a target outdoor grow of at least 60 acres (24 hectares), employing sustainable and organic practices, and with future plans for up to 10 acres (4 hectares) of greenhouses.
13855	Leader of Opposition, Dumelang Saleshando, yesterday told parliament that he had evidence that some opportunistic companies had already positioned themselves to benefit from Covid-19 tenders through corruption.
13856	Leaders in both Utah and Oklahoma have faced scrutiny for spending millions of dollars combined to purchase the drugs many other states obtained for free.
13857	Leaders of G7 nations agreed with Trump that a review and reform process of how the organization handled the outbreak is necessary.
13858	Leaders of the 20 biggest world economies (G20) will debate this weekend how to deal with the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic that has caused a global recession and how to manage the recovery once the coronavirus is under control.
13859	Leaders of the world, you must lead.
13860	Leading the night was 'Living in Bondage’ with a total of 7 wins including Best Overall movie.
13861	“Leading up to me making the decision I had a little nervous feeling in my stomach,” Uphold said.
13862	Leanza Cornett with her former husband, Mark Steines.
13863	Learn about a natural, effortless technique of meditation that can help reduce stress, lower blood pressure, and increase energy and creativity.
13864	Learn enough about marketing to anticipate the questions your CMO will have.
13865	“Learning a new system under a different coaching staff is no easy task.
13866	Learning founded Theatre New Brunswick – the province’s leading professional anglophone theatre company – in 1968.
13867	Learning key skills in garden management while giving back to the community.
13868	Learn like a startup and see how a â€˜lean methodologyâ€™ can help harness creativity through innovation and turn your creative inspiration into a reality.
13869	Learn more about The Preserves… https://t.
13870	Leave the electronics at home.
13871	Leaving Raw for Smackdown are the Street Profits, Kevin Owens, Dolph Ziggler & Robert Roode, and Aleister Black.
13872	Lebanese protesters turned furious and clashed with security forces on Monday.
13873	Lebanese security forces inspect the entrance to a Fransabank branch in the southern city of Sidon on April 25 after unknown assailants targeted it with an explosive device.
13874	Leclerc is currently fifth in the drivers’ standings; Vettel is 13th.
13875	Led by Ahrens, the Buckeyes went 11 for 29 from 3-point range.
13876	Lee also revealed that he took a part-time job instead of looking for a more stable career so that he could rest when he wanted and work when he felt like it.
13877	Lee and her dogs received rabies shots as a precaution.
13878	Leeks were said to be worn by Welsh soldiers in battle tied to their helmets – as Fluellen does in Shakespeare’s – to distinguish themselves from Saxon invaders, although the precise origins of Wales’s association with the root vegetable remain obscure.
13879	Lee looked long at Dominik before taking it.
13880	Lee, on the other hand, is a 49-year-old professor at Sejong University specializing in the notoriously impenetrable work of the French philosopher Gilles Deleuze.
13881	Lee said she’s trying to spread the message of Juneteenth to presidential hopefuls so that no matter who gets the nomination, they’ll know about the day.
13882	Lee says the province should take over management of the home and consider calling in the military as Ontario and Quebec did during the first wave of the pandemic to solve their staffing shortages.
13883	Lee, who has been discussing the falls with Losee and the developer’s architect since late 2018, previously told The Salt Lake Tribune that he’s receptive to the tram because it will enhance a tourist attraction in the county without taxpayer expense.
13884	Lefler told INN that the planned sale of the Exeter facility is a part of Aurora’s goal to rationalize capital expenditure with concerns to its cultivation footprint.
13885	Leftist TV hack lawyers and doctors paraded out by a leftist news media?
13886	"Legal action is going to take a long, long time," says Lee Saunders, president of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees.
13887	Legend also shared another tweet protesting the airstrike.
13888	Legendary actor Sean Connery has passed away at the age of 90, his family confirms.
13889	Legendary landed the rights around the time the studio signed Bad Hombre to a first-look deal and sees an opportunity to relaunch the franchise all over again.
13890	Legends executive producers Klemmer, Godfree, and Shimizu confirmed that the possibility for Ray and Nora to return in the future is absolutely still a valid possibility.
13891	Legislative changes made in 2017 are already making solar more affordable for customers, through a competitive bidding process in which all companies are free to bid.
13892	Leicester remain without Ricardo Pereira who has suffered a minor setback in his recovery from a long-term injury, while Caglar Soyuncu is still out in defence too.
13893	Leicester's Jamie Vardy has had a hand in 21 Premier League goals this season (17 goals, four assists) - two more than any other player.
13894	Leigh Halfpenny and Williams can only leave fingerprints.
13895	Leitch was turning 50 around the time the shares were being hawked around and his wife Correne asked him what he wanted for his birthday.
13896	Lenarcic reiterated that solidarity is needed in the sense that such equipment is transferred to places where it is needed the most.
13897	Lence Altenor went for 26 points and 16 rebounds as Austin Prep (15-3) downed Cathedral, 73-63, in a Catholic Central Large battle.
13898	Lendlease said the hit to its construction business was felt the most overseas, particularly in cities with mandated shutdowns.
13899	Lengthy posts when their albums drop, birthdays, collars with them etc. that’s just me.
13900	Lenny’s a bit of a master at that.
13901	Leonard Kreigel of Sosin and Kreigel, the accounting firm that helped both foundations file tax documents, declined to provide registration numbers or say when the foundations were incorporated.
13902	Leon has more experience, he came one year before I played my first game for the Super Eagles.
13903	Leon Patrick was declared a dangerous sex offender in October 2017 and was placed on a continuing detention order after three serious sexual crimes, committed over about four years, plus other offences with "sexual overtones".
13904	Leslie David Baker's Stanley Hudson could be moving on from The Office in a potential new series called Uncle Stan.
13905	“Lesotho has seen multiple peaceful handovers of the prime minister’s office through elections,” Mr. Aerni-Flessner said, “but these handovers and early general elections have come at the cost of governance.”
13906	Less than a year ago, defensive end Daelin Hayes was not in an ideal situation.
13907	Less than a year later, after the venue had been moved three times, the officers were acquitted of negligent homicide before an all-white jury in Dallas.
13908	Letalski motor ameriškega podjetja General Electric (GE Aviation).
13909	“Let her do her thing and if she ever needs me, I’m gonna be here for her,” said Bieber during an interview with Zane Lowe, reports people.
13910	Let me get out of here.”
13911	Let me look after her.”
13912	Let me remind you that as stated in the Cabinet Handbook, the success in administering and executing the functions of government depend on the work of the Cabinet and the support staff," the president added.
13913	Let me tell you what will happen if salaries are capped in Germany: The good talent will go abroad, To the U.S. or China.
13914	Let me try it https://t.
13915	“Let people know that even though we don’t do treatment we’re doing all kinds of exciting cancer research at K-State in about 100 laboratories and 20 departments of the university.
13916	Let’s a quick look at how the film is faring in Koimoi’s ‘How’s The Hype?’
13917	“Let’s be clear, the virus could pick up speed again,” Farley said.
13918	Let’s check the tape, shall we?
13919	“Let’s continue to be the cutting edge district conquering challenges and fearless of change” McGovern said.
13920	Let’s delve into what these terms mean to help straighten that out.
13921	Let’s face it, people need medical supplies, people need vitamins, face masks, alcohol and more.
13922	Let’s face it: We did not want to alter our lives.
13923	Let’s hope the whole world finally wakes up to the idea that we night owls are more than laggards and sleepyheads.
13924	LETS HOPE this means something concrete gets done.
13925	“Let’s just call it fuel allocation,” suggested one Mark Bottoman.
13926	Let’s look at some puzzle pieces that are coming together.
13927	Let's not forget that, according to the report, they buried what was left.
13928	Let’s not over burden our businesses or our citizens,” Lawan said at the event which took place in Abuja.
13929	Let’s privatize the roads so the free market can work!
13930	Let's put it on our transit routes."
13931	Let’s return to Madison Cawthorn, the 24-year-old North Carolina Republican who trounced his Trump- endorsed primary opponent.
13932	”Let's see," he adds, "if they will actually say that their motto is getting it done quickly, but doing it right.
13933	Let’s see how it goes over the next week,” Madalitso Band manager Neil Nayar says.
13934	Let’s see if the new names on the best seller’s list are still there a few years down the line.
13935	Let’s take a closer look at the assertions.
13936	Let’s take a moment to thank and to be grateful for health care workers who serve on the front-line confronting coronavirus, and to remember health care workers who stood on another front line 100 years ago when the influenza pandemic ravaged society.
13937	Let's take look at movie couples from the 2000s that teens only wished were true.
13938	Let’s take someone who got two payments of £250, one at birth and another on their seventh birthday.
13939	Letter from requests answers to Qs such as did Pompeo’s trip itinerary change to accommodate the Secretary’s decision to make this address from Jerusalem?
13940	Letters supporting Rolen have been sent to administrators and have so far received short responses, most of which emphasized the administration’s trust in the hiring committee’s judgment, according to Middleton.
13941	Letter: The times, they are a-changin'
13942	Let them drain until the bacon is ready.
13943	Let there be equality and equity as the constitution requires.
13944	Let the Russians pay for the corruption, if that is their goal.
13945	Let the stigma fall on those men.
13946	Let the value-goal-habit trifecta align in a way that keeps you motivated.
13947	Let us get people who deserve to be where they should be not because of gender, tribe or age.
13948	“Let us keep our traditional black and white stripes for home games then we also have different colors besides white for away games,” said Sibindi.
13949	Let us know in the comments if you can date these two cars!
13950	Let us know what class you’re in; we have many.
13951	Let us look at these two arguments in turn.
13952	Let us not paint all of them with one brush.
13953	Let your past suffering be the soil from which a stronger and wiser you will one day flower.
13954	LEUSD’s board of trustees voted Oct. 22 to continue distance learning through the rest of the semester and set a tentative restart date of Jan.
13955	Levy kicked things off by expressing his gratitude for the award â€” and cracking some jokes, of course.
13956	“Lewd acts in the public library are a violation of library rules and against the law,” a spokesperson said in a statement.
13957	Lewis clearly understood there are more years behind him than in front of him.
13958	Lewis' essay was published by the Times just hours ahead of his funeral service, which will take place at the Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta, Georgia, on Thursday.
13959	Lewis Hamilton calls in his 'union' over proposed salary cut as six-time world champion seeks new.
13960	Lewis has urged the Dons attack to play with freedom and belief against Killie in the bid to reach the quarter-finals.
13961	… Lewis was immediately alarmed when she started her extra credit assignment last week.
13962	LEXINGTON, Ky. (WTVQ) – Devine Carama was in Louisville Wednesday at the time of the announcement of the Grand Jury’s decision, he says it felt like a punch to the gut.
13963	Lexus says the UX 300e, built on parent company Toyota’s GA-C platform, has been developed with a focus on on-road performance and the goal of offering a quiet and refined driving experience.
13964	LGH Hotels Management runs 47 hotels under brands including Holiday Inn, Crowne Plaza and Hallmark from Aberdeen to Guildford and is understood to employ 2,500 staff.
13965	LG launched its competitor to Samsung and Huawei’s foldable smartphones in February – the V60 ThinQ 5G.
13966	Lib Dem leadership candidate has written to Boris Johnson about having a lasting memorial.
13967	Lib Dems can win these three arguments.
13968	Liberia: Be Reminded, Justice Wolokollie, the Law Is No Respecter of Persons, Not Even President Weah Nor Your Brother, Thomas Doe Nah!
13969	Liberia has serious problems - without citing the universally known data about poverty, hunger, unemployment, poor healthcare and the deplorable education systems that persist in the Liberian society, we can all agree that Liberia is an abating state.
13970	Licht predicts the autumn harvest -will- be hurt by the summer heat wave and continuing dry spell.
13971	• Lid lifted on OACAS closure “tragedy” — Years of underfunding and a lack of public support is behind the sudden closure of Orkney Alcohol Counselling and Advisory Service (OACAS), says the organisation’s former chairwoman.
13972	Lies fuel it, unless the panic to which Mr. Trump referred was personal fear about his own interests.
13973	Lieutenant-Colonel Saroj Govender has retired after nearly 40 years of service.
13974	Life to a certain extent has to go on …. we canâ€™t all vegetate because you decide nobody can trade!
13975	Lifting his eyes from his phone, Zac was surprised to find it dark.
13976	Lighting equipment was involved in almost 40 percent of home tree fires.
13977	Light on plot but heavy on laughs, is a comedy classic considered by many to be an all-time favorite.
13978	Like about a hundred billion or so, last time I heard.
13979	Like Air traffic controllers?
13980	Like anything else, we just have to adapt it.”
13981	Like any yaoi series, Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi has its share of romantic scenes, but it also does a great job of developing the relationship between its leads.
13982	Like BUSM, the Dental School will not be admitting a higher number of students but will keep its class size at 117 students per year.
13983	Like, did that really just happen?
13984	“Like everybody else, we are ready for it to be over, which we know won’t just happen, and we are anxious about what the future will be like in health care.”
13985	Like Gabbard, she suggested Trump, which is a pointless gesture.
13986	Like Hatton, Warrington is a working class hero absolutely loyal to his environment.
13987	“Like he told me, this is one of the worst storms he’s ever seen in his career.”
13988	Like I said before, we were talking ‘Euphoria,’ which we released early on Max the weekend before its linear premiere.
13989	Like I said, it was a lucky bounce to hit his stick and go in.”
13990	“Like I said, the first thing is to come to Ondo state to maintain party cohesion.
13991	Like it or not, as of Dec. 20, it is the law.
13992	Like, I went to L.A., came home to visit and booked it with my homey helping me tape it at a studio in the city.
13993	Like I would, you know - I worked at a tabloid for a year.
13994	Likely a second/third-round pick in the April draft, Davis couldn’t work out at the combine because of December groin surgery, and was prepping to blaze a sub-4.4-second 40-yard dash at Cal’s March 20 Pro Day, then impress teams in personal meetings.
13995	Like many hobbies, cooking can be a form of self-expression.
13996	Like most administrators, her days in education began as a teacher.
13997	Like most agricultural fairs in the nation, the Missouri State Fair began as a harvest festival.
13998	Like most artists, we don’t rely on donations and sales from events and exhibitions, but there’s a certain emotional encouragement that comes from gathering in one physical space together.
13999	Like most Democratic senators, and a small group of Republicans, Booker said he was unconvinced by the administration’s argument that an imminent threat against Americans justified the killing.
14000	Like most non-vegan Americans, I really enjoy bacon.
14001	Like most of those wore a Patriots uniform with Brady, Amendola struggles to picture Brady anywhere but New England.
14002	Likened to a young Andrea Pirlo, he is well on his way to 100 club appearances and made his senior international debut under Roberto Mancici last year.
14003	Like Netflix Party, it adds group chat around a synchronized video player, but it uses a cute movie theater metaphor that changes the viewing angle on the video depending on which virtual “seat” you pick.
14004	Like Odysseus, administrators need to be protected from themselves.
14005	Like other teams around the league, the Chiefs will have to find ways to replace those players on short notice.
14006	Like really: an movie that's relevant to today's world could encompass everything from some kind of sea-sickness (see what I did there) that ravages Atlantis, to (another) Atlantean civil war over how certain races of Atlantis have been marginalized.
14007	Like that sensory overload of stepping out of the airport after a long flight.
14008	Like that's unusual.
14009	Like that, you know?
14010	Like the best musician in the world said, “Bad energy stay far way.”
14011	Like the Mercy, the Comfort will treat non-coronavirus patients who need urgent care.
14012	Like the virus, the recession has been unusually uneven in its incidence: we know how badly affected are specific sectors, particularly hospitality, tourism and the arts.
14013	Like those snakebitten athletes before him, Dembélé will have to suffer jokes and calls for him to be sold, which can be read throughout the Twitter replies to his injury announcement.
14014	Like, we are now going to destroy the foundations and de-legitimize everything people count on to choose leaders and hand power from one administration to the other.
14015	Likewise, Abrazo Homes broke ground on a new subdivision in Los Lunas earlier this year, ahead of the pandemic.
14016	Likewise, if a restaurant checks identities and verifies immunization of its patrons at the door, there is no need to limit indoor dining to a fraction of capacity.
14017	Likewise, Martos said all ministers agree that the investigations must continue their course, within the framework of due process.
14018	Likewise, some but not all employees will be required to wear gloves.
14019	Likewise there are numerous different reasons to seek out online assignment writing help from professional writers.
14020	Lilley said the ticketed areas and show center areas generated around $187,000 last year.
14021	Lillian Riojas, Valero Energy Corp’s chief spokeswoman, said the company has worked to reduce pollution at its refinery since purchasing it in 1997.
14022	Lillis does an outstanding job playing Syd with heart, nuance, and gets the character struggle to know herself and also navigate everything new that's being thrown at her with a richness that feels achingly real.
14023	LiME is available now for streaming on Amazon Prime.
14024	Limerick Garda Youth Awards 2019.
14025	Limited social interaction in response to the spread of COVID-19 is driving creativity among music artists to new heights.
14026	Lincoln Journal-StarBuffett Journal-Star) reported that a Fremont student taunted the Lincoln High team with racial slurs.
14027	Lindblad Expeditions works in partnership with National Geographic to inspire people to explore and care about the planet.
14028	Linder said he feels like he found the right balance of players between the new and the old to have good depth on the roster.
14029	Lindsey Burdick, a teacher at Park Center Senior High, said that she was concerned for students of color in light of the pandemic’s disproportionate impact on those communities.
14030	Lindsey’s Instagram is filled with photos and videos of herself wearing everything from sheer lingerie to revealing swimsuits.
14031	Lin had a glittering biography, having led the People’s Liberation Army in numerous battles to victory with his conquest of Beijing as the final bouquet.
14032	LinkOptimizer Server will not be just a standalone tool but an integral part of Zevrix Output Factory Server - the company's long-running solution to automate InDesign's printing and exporting from watched hot folders.
14033	Linn County Auditor Joel Miller, who ran a precinct in the Cedar Rapids suburb of Robins, said some app users may not have gotten the instructions on how to log into the system.
14034	Linn got to do something she had always wanted to do – hug her birth mother and thank her for the decision she made all those years ago.
14035	Lionel Messi's chances of winning his seventh European golden shoe award at the end of this season are not looking slim despite him starting the season injured.
14036	Lionel Messi's dream to win silverware with the Argentine national team this year suffered a major setback following the postponement of this year's Copa America tournament.
14037	Lions Clubs International is the world's largest service club organization with 1.35 million members in more than 46,000 clubs in over 206 countries and geographic areas.
14038	Lions cornerback Darry Roberts picked off Drew Brees on the Saints quarterback’s first pass attempt of the day.
14039	Lions Leave 11-game Losing Streak Behind ThemEven though Detroit Lions coach Matt Patricia had to wait 11 months to experience the thrill of victory, he insisted relief didn't describe his feelings.
14040	Lion Valerie responded that the Lions Club would be willing to partner with Hall Valley Farms to ensure that those in need received this generous donation.
14041	Lipinski said the first order of business will be to hire a complement of senior staff and officers that will be reflective of the community with recruitment efforts targeting ethnic and Indigenous communities and women.
14042	Lipkin said similar viruses will continue to pop up "every couple of years" if the problem of wet markets falls by the wayside.
14043	Lisa Colli is one of them.
14044	Lisa loved life, he said, and yet she took her own life on May 30, 2011.
14045	Lisa’s post was flooded with thousands of shares and comments from other parents calling the product a lifesaver.
14046	Listeners can also stream the programs on the stations’ web sites and mobile apps.
14047	Listening to the sounds of our planet is nothing new: In simplified terms, a “sound source” creates a sound, or vibrations, which then reverberates through a medium.
14048	Listen, in one sense it’s been the most amazing thing I’ve ever done.
14049	“Listen, it’s going to be a constant discussion between me and him.
14050	Listen to "495" below and watch Basketball County: Something In The Water this Friday at 9pm ET/PT on Showtime.
14051	“Listen, we can’t play any games here folks.
14052	Litecoin Plus (LCP) traded up 15.3% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0313 or 0.00000374 BTC.
14053	Literary translation is often taken for granted, and the work of the translator is often overlooked.
14054	Little Harry Richford was born at the QEQM Hospital in on November 2, 2017, after a traumatic and long labour in which his heart rate frequently dropped.
14055	Live Coronavirus Updates: Tensions Grow Over MasksCalifornia orders residents to wear masks in most indoor situations.
14056	Liverpool failed to score in a Premier League game for the first time since March 2019 (0-0 v Everton), ending a run of scoring in 36 consecutive league games.
14057	Liverpool goalkeeper, Alisson has come out to say that there was no need for Jordan Pickford to tackle Virgil van Dijk the way he did.
14058	Liverpool has the second highest rate, up from 131.1 to 243.8 with 1,214 new cases.
14059	Liverpool’s supreme run is really just a symptom of a wider issue, where a growing financial disparity is causing a greater distortion of results and harming the very unpredictability that makes the game so glorious.
14060	Liverpool went into Saturday’s match at Vicarage Road having won 18 progressive alliance games, one short of another record, while they were 44 matches unbeaten.
14061	Liverpool, who stormed to their first Premier League title in 30 years last season, face Arsenal in the Community Shield on August 29.
14062	Live Science writes that some historians credit advancements in medicine for stemming the spread of the plague.
14063	Living on Earth 2, he met Barry during the story.
14064	Living on the water, we’d never needed one; we just threw open the windows and turned on a fan.
14065	Lizzo’s is an energy that survived, cherished and revolted.
14066	Lizzy Jay who was based in Oyo State started her social media skits by mimicking the local dialect Ibadan Yoruba accent and has, however, grown to a big brand which is now a household name.
14067	L.L. Bean wades into New York Fashion Week with clothing ‘inspired by the outdoors’
14068	Lloyd Clarke (pictured, left) was an active and involved granddad, often taking the kids out on day trips.
14069	Loan applications are being processed through the end of June, according to the U.S. Small Business Administration.
14070	Loan proceeds will be used to pay workers’ salaries, which is expected to benefit 4 million workers for a three-month period.
14071	Loans over $1.5 million made up of the total amount given out.
14072	Lobster fishermen harvest the seafood species using underwater traps, and the busiest part of the season is the summer.
14073	Local businesses are conducting several activities for families and friends, including corn mazes, petting zoos, and pumpkin patches.
14074	Local businesses like Lowe’s and Planeform have been very generous in their donations of material and tools to make the clear shield portion of the mask.
14075	Local Businesses like Sugar Pill in Capitol Hill are using signs to urge their customers to vote.
14076	Local businesses will be given priority over out-of-town contractors for work to rebuild bushfire-ravaged communities, as many towns confront the clean-up task after the horror summer season.
14077	Local Fianna Fáil TD James O'Connor appeared on RTÉ's where he spoke about the "interesting local news"-- which, it has to be said, is reminiscent of stories about naughty schoolboys in the 1930's.
14078	Local high school and college bands have been pushed back to the 2021 Thanksgiving Day Parade.
14079	Local human rights organizations say the Ortega administration is resorting to charging human rights activists with crimes such as kidnapping or drug trafficking in a bid to stop their activism and discredit them.
14080	Localities that take the money must agree to keep property taxes constant next year and pass on money they would have spent on payroll this year to taxpayers as a property tax credit.
14081	Locally Sherburne County is up to 10 confirmed cases, Wright County is up to nine, Stearns County is still at six, and Benton County is still at one confirmed case.
14082	LOCALLY, we’ve heard from a few emergency responders that some volunteers are starting to get nervous about taking shifts in light of the risks, travel restrictions, quarantines, and precautions.
14083	Local media reported that the government had called on all ministers and state secretaries to get tested in response.
14084	Local organisations are first on the scene of any crisis.
14085	Local police arrested three men suspected of selling the drug, Ibolya Csákó said.
14086	Local residents have not been able to verify news online due to the lack of internet access, she said.
14087	Local telephone system provider Sky Communications is a tenant at the property, with others representing industries of law, beauty, contracting and insurance.
14088	Local View: Minnesotans, call it what it is: a 'scamdemic'
14089	Located in East London's Clapton, Hub Vélo has remained open in lockdown, prioritising NHS staff and key worker’s bikes.
14090	Located just east of Lake Martin, the restaurant is drawing diners to this small Alabama town.
14091	Located just off the coast of China, with millions of Taiwanese working in China, and with a crowded and urbanized population, Taiwan was a prime target for a major outbreak.
14092	Location scouts for a feature film are bringing international directors and executives to view locations and buildings around the city later this month.
14093	Lochlinn Parker, of ITN solicitors, who is representing Hinds, said: “My client is baffled by the Met police’s approach.
14094	“Lockdown got me missing love, hence “Lovesick”.
14095	Loeffler advocates have gone to the airwaves linking her opponent, the Rev. Warnock, to support of controversial positions and political figures.
14096	Loeffler and Perdue are both in run-off races on Jan.
14097	Loeffler faces a large field of opponents including Democrat Raphael Warnock and fellow Republican Doug Collins in a race for the seat she was appointed to 10 months ago.
14098	Logan Churchwell, communications and research director at the Indiana-based Public Interest Legal Foundation, said litigation is not designed to diminish turnout.
14099	Logan’s explicit aim was to reform the department—owing, in part, to the fact that his father was brutalized and wrongly arrested by white officers—and McQueen films his story with a poised widescreen aesthetic of analysis and contemplation.
14100	Logan Sokolofsky scored two goals to lead the Spartans.
14101	Logically, men are those that are talking about it more than women even today.
14102	Log onto your Whatsapp and select the individual or group chat that you want to mute by tapping on it.
14103	Loïc Travers, the secretary of the National Police Alliance for the Ile-de-France region, told BFM TV the attack took place around 2 p.m. in Villejuif (8 a.m. ET).
14104	"Lois is amazing," she said.
14105	LOL,” 50 had captioned the photo.
14106	Lombardy was Italy’s worst-affected region at the height of the pandemic.
14107	LONDON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 18: (EDITORIAL USE ONLY) Eva Apio attends The BRIT Awards 2020 at The O2 Arena on February 18, 2020 in London, England.
14108	London - FTSE 100: DOWN 0.2 percent at 6,109.
14109	London held what organisers claim was the largest celebrations outside of Asia, while Liverpool's took place in Europe's oldest Chinatown.
14110	London Mayor Sadiq Khan also waded in and said he was 'deeply concerned we are now rushing too fast to lift lockdown measures'.
14111	LONDON (Reuters) - Investment bank JPMorgan said on Wednesday it had raised its Turkish lira exposure to "marketweight" from "underweight", citing encouraging policy signals from the new economic team.
14112	London’s transport system could be overwhelmed by demand when the lockdown is eased, according to leaked briefing shared among emergency planners.
14113	LONDON — The British government on Wednesday put another 1.4 million people into England’s tightest coronavirus restrictions, but faced growing criticism that its piecemeal approach to curbing the outbreak is sowing division and confusion.
14114	LONDON — Three of the world’s biggest gold refineries said they will partially reopen after a two week closure that disrupted global supply of the metal.
14115	"London will get through these extraordinarily challenging times, and ensuring the capital's critical workers can move around the city will be crucial."
14116	Long-Bailey and Starmer both won their first seats in the 2015 general election.
14117	“Long in the making, this was a decisive blow against Iran’s malign Quds Force activities worldwide,” he tweeted of the strike ordered by President Trump that killed Soleimani and six others.
14118	Long Island Democratic Rep. Tom Suozzi trailed Republican opponent George Santos by around 4,000 votes on Nov. 4, but recovered ground and declared victory earlier this month.
14119	Long lines for COVID-19 testing have been reported in Chicago as well as Waukegan, Arlington Heights, Aurora, Wheaton and South Holland.
14120	Long-term unemployment can lead to what’s called “hysteresis” — a loss of skills that undercuts the economy’s potential.
14121	Long-term Weather Forecast for spring and summer 2020 from Don Day, Meteorologist with DayWeather.
14122	Longtime franchise producer Barbara Broccoli has explained exactly why it’s just not going to happen.
14123	Longtime stock-market bull and National Securities strategist Art Hogan shared his bearish stance in a CNBC interview ahead of what looks to be a busy week of trading.
14124	Long way to go, but it feels like a milestone.
14125	Look at my cast in — that’s the balance the industry has got,” he asserts.
14126	"Look at that crimped hair — what a mess!"
14127	Look at the root of problems and policies.
14128	Look at the tree behind us.
14129	“Look at what is happening, the person that is leading us says he cannot appoint any other tribes into the posts he considers sensitive because he does not trust them.
14130	“Look at your local farmers markets and build your side dishes there, especially as it pertains to vegetables,” Dumas said.
14131	Look carefully enough, and even the way someone responds to “have you ever played a slot machine?”
14132	Looked like the best player in the world this night, just as he has many nights this year.
14133	Look for him to take advantage of Vikings weaknesses at cornerback with Samuel, and draw up a tremendous game plan.
14134	Look for the fish near Trinkes or in Geneva Bay.
14135	“Look, I just wanna make out, OK?”
14136	Looking at next season/moving forward, however, I’m really excited to see how Windler does.
14137	Looking at the financial report of Holm Bank for example, it states that clients have no problem repaying consumer loans.
14138	“Looking awesome Carmen,” wrote a fan, including the heart-eye, heart, and flame emoji.
14139	Looking essentially like a giant spiked dinosaur armored in an impervious hide, there are few adventurers that could stand up to such a challenge.
14140	Looking for free public domain images?
14141	Looking for the latest ANC headphones?
14142	Looking forward, L2D intended to continue to invest in its assets and execute on the experiential retail strategy while committing to well-defined sustainability targets.
14143	Looking forward, the market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 6% during 2020-2025.
14144	Looking further ahead, Thursday and Friday are set to be even warmer, with highs both days likely to be around 24C.
14145	Looking through both the XTAL (above) and Pimax (as rendered on a TV, below), there’s no doubt that even the most demanding enterprise and military users will be thrilled by the clarity of these new solutions.
14146	Looking to the future for the rest of the top 5, Lance Archer should get his title shot against Moxley on October 14, assuming Archer recovers from a COVID positive test.
14147	Look, it’s a fact that LeBron has a lot of mileage on his body after going to eight-straight NBA Finals’ from 2010-18, but Ric Bucher’s claim comes across as absolutely asinine.
14148	Look no further than three completely improvised comedy specials from Thomas Middleditch and Ben Schwartz, partners in comedy who have each starred in a variety of movies and TV shows you know and love.
14149	Look: There was a WAR going on.
14150	Look what happened in 2015.
14151	Look your best during video chats with this tripod and 10″ inch ring light that offers three distinct lighting options.
14152	Lopez should be considered dangerous and should not be approached.
14153	Lord Hendy told the conference call that the laws 'require that the employer shall ensure that the exposure of his employees to substances hazardous to health is prevented.'
14154	Lords Park Farm Zoo also will be closed through the summer for the same reason.
14155	“Lori was never pitched Singerâ€™s college entrance cheating scheme nor was Lori ever made aware that such college testing schemes even existed.
14156	LOS ANGELES — California’s record-breaking fire season could get much worse in the coming days as powerful winds heighten the danger of more blazes while firefighters continue to struggle with destructive conflagrations across the state.
14157	Los Angeles County officials on Thursday confirmed an additional 46 new deaths and 1,857 new cases of COVID-19, bringing the totals to 68,875 cases and 2,813 deaths.
14158	Los Angeles County opened cooling centers to help those who don't have air conditioning.
14159	Los Angeles Dodgers' Will Smith walks to the dugout after striking out against the Tampa Bay Rays during the second inning in Game 1 of the baseball World Series Tuesday, Oct. 20, 2020, in Arlington, Texas.
14160	LOS ANGELES, Feb. 9 (UPI) -- returns Sunday for its final season, it will resolve the Season 7 cliffhanger.
14161	Los Angeles Lakers fans gather at the Staples Center to remember the life of NBA superstar Kobe Bryant who was killed in helicopter crash in Southern California; William La Jeunesse reports.
14162	LOS ANGELES: NBA team practice facilities will reportedly reopen on Friday in states and cities where coronavirus pandemic stay-at-home requirements have been loosened, allowing players to conduct individual workouts.
14163	LOS ANGELES—On Tuesday, May 19, a structure fire broke out in a single-story “commercial block building,” that functioned as a warehouse for the textile wholesaler Lavitex, at 1914 South Mateo Street.
14164	Los Angeles sports teams collectively have the highest ceiling in the nation.
14165	Losing Chris Harris could really hurt against the Tampa Bay wide receivers.
14166	Losing the series, on the other hand, could prove disastrous.
14167	Lots of protest speakers saying Trump should fire Fauci who they say “made up” the coronavirus.
14168	Lots of speed – no surprises.
14169	Lottie Moon Baptist Women’s Group meets at 7 p.m. the first Monday of each month.
14170	Loud Records, the hip-hop label that launched Wu-Tang Clan, Mobb Deep and Big Pun, is about to make noise again, as founder revives the brand to launch a nimble indie.
14171	Loughlin is Mackenzie Reed, who recently inherited the family hotel, but naturally, she wants to sell the thing.
14172	Louisiana also recently released data showing that while African Americans make up roughly 32% of the population, they account for 70% of the deaths in the state.
14173	LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Mayor Greg Fischer announced Friday that Louisville Metro Police is initiating termination of officer Brett Hankison, one of three officers to fire weapons at Breonna Taylor's apartment, killing her.
14174	Louis Vuitton launches designer fitness equipment range with a VERY hefty price.
14175	Love 911 one of my favorite I don’t miss an episode can’t wait for the new one with Rob Lowe!
14176	“Love Affair(s)” marks the 10th feature film of Mouret, the critically acclaimed French director of “Mademoiselle de Joncquieres.”
14177	Love Bob & Abisohle… this is honest life now a days.
14178	Love him or loathe him, Paul Kagame is reported to hv acted decisively against a chap claiming a cure for Covid-19.
14179	Love & Hip Hop Atlanta Recap 5/04/20: Season 9 Episode 8 “The Kids Are Alright”
14180	Lovely in their own right, we also recognize their role in something much bigger.
14181	'Lovely lady' Alice could benefit from living with another cat who could help her find her confidence.
14182	Loveman, Kornreich & Steers specializes in a multitude of insurance programs for businesses and individuals.
14183	“Lover Of Mine,” a slow and sad love song, is almost like a fly-on-the-wall view of Hemmings’ relationship.
14184	Loves a sing-song: Wayne Smith and then-Chiefs coach Dave Rennie talk to school students in 2012.
14185	Love the way he carries himself.
14186	Love to all my little monsters and fans, youâ€™re the best!
14187	Love you my Foo always ❤️ Can't wait for the next round," Shibani wrote.
14188	Low carbon trains running on batteries and hydrogen.
14189	Lower pay than other states has translated to a teacher shortage.
14190	Lowe’s also has Memorial Day sales on bath items, lighting and ceiling fans, flooring, tools, outdoor tool and power equipment, and patio and outdoor furniture and decor.
14191	Loyola isn’t the only Chicago school taking measures in response to the outbreak.
14192	Loy said Carothers is dedicated to the senior-care model.
14193	Lozina pleaded guilty to assault, but maintained that he had not attacked Elasmar because of her faith and attacked because she had refused to give him money.
14194	LSU’s winning streak was snapped by Mississippi State.
14195	Lt. Col. Paulo Morales, the 133d Air Refueling Squadron commander, said he was pleased with the next-generation Pegasus due to its enhanced capabilities and cutting-edge technology.
14196	LTH is a free resource for users and offers free listings to vendors.
14197	Luca, who the publication said was angry at the time of interview, told them he was unable to see his parents before they died.
14198	Lucido apologized Wednesday in a statement posted to his official social media accounts.
14199	Luckily, Batman saves the day before he kills anyone.
14200	Luckily, his interests going forward align with those of the party – if only he can be persuaded to see it that way.
14201	Luckily it has been proven that you pretty much have to ingest it to have a major reaction.
14202	Luckily, it’s only early February and there’s still plenty of time to prove that they are in fact one of the top teams in the country and can compete for a championship this season.
14203	Luckily, such insulated boxes can also double to service these needs at each vaccination site at these higher temperature ranges.
14204	Luckily, there are plenty of fresh thriller releases coming your way this October.
14205	Luckily, we can choose to control and suppress such tendencies for our own wellbeing and the good of society.
14206	Lucky for her, she was small and the mattress compressed down, he said.
14207	Lucky guy got to celebrate his birthday, his deathday and won a Darwin Award all at the same time!
14208	Lucy grew up on the west side of Salt Lake City, graduating from West High.
14209	Ludacris is on a Ketogenic diet which is a very low-carb, high-fat diet but even with that meal plan, the local chef added some T&T flavour.
14210	LUDACRIS will perform a virtual concert from his ATLANTA home.
14211	Ludwig foresees using an injectrode "to actually hijack the signal from your stomach to your brain telling you that you're hungry."
14212	Lufthansa, which is chopping up to 90% of flights, said it would not distribute a dividend from 2019 earnings.
14213	Lukashenko and Putin have spoken twice this weekend.
14214	Lukashenko poured resources into supporting industry, agriculture, infrastructure, and social benefits.
14215	Lulu Bar has undoubtedly been a favourite restaurant in this city since it opened last April.
14216	Lumberton police were aided by the Robeson County Sheriff’s Office and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms.
14217	Lumberton police were looking for a suspect after they said two women were shot and killed in the parking lot of a Family Dollar Friday afternoon.
14218	LUMBERTON — Women are getting recognition for their work in agriculture, as entrepreneurs and farm wives, too.
14219	Luminate partners with management teams to provide capital to drive strategy, growth, and operational improvements.
14220	Luo Yu of the UH Department of Physics and TcSUH along with Dr. Garrett K. Peel of Medistar and Dr. Faisal Cheema at the UH College of Medicine are co-first authors on the paper.
14221	Lusamba was at the protest, too.
14222	Luton Airport was also busy with passengers returning from both countries this morning.
14223	Luviena Lodh had a role in the 2010 release “Kajraare” starring Himesh Reshammiya and Sara Loren.
14224	Luxury, in general, is certainly a prominent theme at Kohanaiki.
14225	Lyle checks in with Saturn Girl, and we learn that she also knows that Lyle thinks Jacques is still alive.
14226	LYNN — A student ambassador program will roll out at the city’s high schools next year, which administrators believe will benefit all students with its aim of creating welcoming and safe environments.
14227	Lynnwood’s Alderwood Community Church has closed down all activity on its 1.79 acre campus due to concerns stemming from the COVID-19 virus.
14228	Lyons added that “to safeguard the lives of countless civilians in Afghanistan – and to give the nation hope of a better future – it is imperative that violence is stopped with the establishment of a ceasefire and for peace negotiations to commence.”
14229	Maas’s visit comes as Greece began a navy and air force exercise southeast of Crete.
14230	Mabuyane said the province would increase the provision of psycho-social support for health-care workers, and of personal protective equipment (PPE) to workers and patients.
14231	MacArthur used the new installation to mount a two-pronged attack on Lae that led to the destruction of Japanese efforts in New Guinea.
14232	Macartney had already displeased his hosts by refusing to kowtow to the Emperor, a gesture of submission that was not required by his own sovereign.
14233	MacCallum asked, "Joe Biden, he has said that, 'If I'm elected, I will be the most progressive president in history.'
14234	MACC has been tracking down Ubu since 2017 in connection with the RM155 million Risda land deal.
14235	Mac Donald continued: “I have no idea what each party was involved with but I am sure it was traumatic.”
14236	Mackee Mason is the principal at Austin Achieve Public Schools.
14237	Mackenna Goodman, in a recent column in the Los Angeles Review of Books, wrote, “A life-changing book is elusive”.
14238	Maclachlan was the embodiment of the clean-cut "Eddie atta-boy" type who is forced to tap into his inner darkness.
14239	Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in shares of American Financial Group by 103.0% during the 4th quarter.
14240	Macron said he had been “impressed by the courage of the protesters” in Belarus.
14241	Macy Kempf added: “I thought our intensity at practice has been a lot better, and we’ve been playing as a team.
14242	Madalyn Davis, 21, was fatally injured at Diamond Bay, Sydney, on Sunday.
14243	Madam Gbowee will need to wake up, because, the International Community especially the Noble committee is keeping eye on her concerning the ongoing abuses of children, girls, and women in Liberia.
14244	Madam Speaker, today I stand in front of this august House as a proud Leader of MDC-T and Leader of the Opposition in this Parliament.
14245	Madhya Pradesh has so far received 13 per cent less than the average rainfall, the official said.
14246	Madonna is paying tribute to her Evita director Alan Parker.
14247	MADRID — Spain will slightly ease curfew restrictions for three days during the Christmas holidays while keeping most limits in place because of the coronavirus.
14248	Mad River Rotary would like to thank The Carl Johnson Company for hosting this auction and for supporting our community by waiving the customary auction fees.
14249	Maduro said that the US Drug Enforcement Administration, via drug cartels, were the “operational and logistical part of this conspiracy.”
14250	Madzimure continued: "We have irrational ministers being allowed free open cheque to manipulate and usurp the powers of this Parliament.
14251	'Maesaiah was initially granted bail by Acting Chief Justice Maseforo Mahase on 5 February 2020.
14252	Maestro Ransom Wilson will conduct.
14253	Maganlal Ahirwar, his wife and four children live in Keshavgarh Gram Panchayat of Mohangarh area of Tikamgarh district.
14254	Magic Johnson: "I thought he was going to live forever"
14255	Magistrates are sent out to meet with the locals as missionaries of sorts to enact a sense of structure by becoming a figure of power.
14256	Magliocca has also been banned from claiming any travel expenses for the coming year.
14257	Maguire became the most expensive defender of all-time when he moved to United in a £80m deal last summer but the title was once held by Ferdinand.
14258	Maguire told the club podcast: “I know in training playing against Paul, it’s so hard.
14259	Mahan feels the number one issue for Islesboro businesses is the stability of the ferry system, specifically the rates charged for residents, which have recently been in flux.
14260	Maharashtra and West Bengal not to take part in the Republic Day.
14261	Maharashtra FYJC 11th admission 2020: The online admission process for the first year junior colleges (FYJC) in Maharashtra has started.
14262	Maharashtra Home Minister Anil Deshmukh has again received threat calls over his stance in connection with the controversy involving actress Kangana Ranaut, sources close to him said on Wednesday.
14263	Mahathir’s alliance said parliament should be allowed to re-convene on March 9, as it is scheduled to do, as speculation grows the new government might seek a delay.
14264	Mahere posted a video of police advancing towards her and telling her to stop recording them.
14265	Mahinda Rajapaksa previously brought Chinese infrastructure projects to Sri Lanka.
14266	Mahomes and his longtime girlfriend, Brittany Matthews, became engaged Tuesday night.
14267	“Mahomes: You want me to leave?
14268	Maiduguri, the Borno State capital, was thrown into confusion on Wednesday evening as suspected Boko Haram members launched an attack on the city few hours after President Muhammadu Buhari visited.
14269	Mail-in votes are expected to favor Democrats in the state.
14270	Maine has been among the states hit hardest by the opioid epidemic, ranking ninth among states in per-capita deaths in 2018.
14271	Maine on Thursday set a single-day record of new cases, while Maryland and New Jersey reported hospitalization numbers not seen since the summer.
14272	Main points of the plan: 1- Israeli sovereignty would be applied to the Jordan Valley and all Israeli towns and cities in the West Bank.
14273	Mainstream retellings of the tragedy often overlook that the “unsinkable” Titanic was not alone when it sank.
14274	Mai's never looked bad a day in her life, but Eska's wardrobe takes the cake because it goes over the top with everything she does.
14275	Maj Baybutt said: “One of the main benefits of exercising in Gibraltar is that they’ve been really accommodating in their provision of training areas, to allow us to practise some of our more niche capabilities.”
14276	Majlis Mohamed bin Zayed hosts its first virtual.
14277	Major cities in Europe have announced new lockdown measures and curfews to stem the alarming spread of the virus.
14278	Majority of those waiting to be served at FNPF on the day said they could not wait for this pandemic to be over so that things can get back to normal.
14279	Major one-day races and the Women’s Tour in Britain are among the events to have been impacted.
14280	Major Wooten was physically drained and a little fuzzy mentally after battling the new coronavirus but appears to be on the mend, said granddaughter Holley Wooten McDonald.
14281	“Makale really responded tonight leadership-wise, and was vocal,” Ford said.
14282	Make-A-Wish also works with the child’s medical professionals to ensure the wish is appropriate.
14283	Make decisions that are best for you, even if they may not be what is expected of you.
14284	Make it a rugby scrum at the 50. First team to make it to the end zone using rugby rules wins.
14285	Make it OK to bypass as many of your plans as you can and go home early.
14286	Make it sound like you don't even want the TV but it's what you have to do to make things right.
14287	“Make no mistake,” he added.
14288	Make no mistake, the album is still punk rock—yet most of the songs never get too crazy or overly frenetic with their rhythms.
14289	Maker (MKR) traded up 4.3% against the dollar and now trades at $314.93 or 0.04635340 BTC.
14290	Makes for an incredible view though.
14291	• Make some fun appropriate TikToks, Snapchat a friend, or face time each other for support!
14292	Make sure that the smoker does not get over 200 degrees at this point to ensure a fall off the bone center.
14293	Make sure that you do not share a room with people who are at risk of severe disease, such as elderly people and those who have heart, lung or kidney conditions, and diabetes.
14294	Make sure to grab this deal before it’s gone!
14295	Make sure to save any armor found as loot that has stamina enchantments.
14296	Make sure your iOS device is connected to the same Wi-Fi network as the Apple TV otherwise it won't work.
14297	Make sure you take a picture of where you’ve parked using your phone when you arrive so you have a hassle-free journey home!
14298	Make up own groups, see starter for times.
14299	Making fabulous stocking stuffers are not one, but two lush products.
14300	Making matters worse, Hunter’s final farewell to teammates and classmates would also be put on hold, at least in-person.
14301	Making matters worse, Sonora’s reagent supply was reduced to 6,000 tests a day—possibly a result of FEMA allocating the nation’s supply of reagents to hotspots around the country.
14302	Making the jump to music after a successful acting career, or vice versa, can be difficult.
14303	Making the local unit the main body for signing contracts will make it possible for Amazon to tap into highly regulated sectors, such as medical products.
14304	Making the shocking revelation at the court for his libel suit against a British newspaper, the 'Pirates of the Caribbean' actor denies that he encouraged his daughter to use weed and claims that he was just being 'a responsible parent.'
14305	Making the viewing platforms and boardwalk accessible to adults, kids, wheelchairs, walkers, strollers is the goal for the new boardwalk.
14306	Making this simple adjustment often turns a green tea hater into a fanatic, because green teas brewed with boiling water—as they so often are—can be unpleasantly bitter.
14307	Malawi has conducted 14, 173 coronavirus tests in 37 testing sites.
14308	Malawi Human Rights Resource Centre (MHRRC) has expressed concern over continued misunderstandings between Members of Parliament (MPs) and Ward Councillors in some areas across the country over the management of Constituency Development Fund (CDF).
14309	Malawi music legend Lucius Banda has released a song single today ahead of his 50-year birthday commemoration in 2020.
14310	Malaysia and Vietnam both claim parts of the South China Sea, a vital shipping lane rich with resources that is also claimed in part by Brunei, the Philippines, Taiwan and China.
14311	Malaysia banned the citizens of more countries from entering the country as the number of its cases rose by the most since June.
14312	Malcolm Brogdon added 21 points and Doug McDermott scored 14 off the bench for the Pacers, who have won three straight.
14313	Malik Jefferson added 11 points.
14314	Mallett was then stabbed once in the chest, the police report said.
14315	Mallika Marshall says drinking acidic liquids, like lemon juice, will not kill the coronavirus.
14316	Mallott’s son, Anthony Mallott, is Sealaska’s current CEO.
14317	Malls and shopping centres make ideal locations for healthcare because they’re designed for large crowds and are often in the centre of communities with transportation infrastructure and ample parking already in place.
14318	Malzberg and Danhof seem incapable of drawing the palpable causal link between the police murders and protests.
14319	Mammy lived with cancer for many years but was always full of life!
14320	Manafort and Stone were both young political operatives who supported Nixon and would both go on to be key figures in the political ascendancy of Trump.
14321	Manages to top edge and it goes past the short fine leg boundary.
14322	Managing director of Canberra Airport Stephen Byron told flights will now be planned for the end of July.
14323	Managing the count: Health Workers segregating samples collected by a Rapid Screening Test kit on J.N. Street in Puducherry.
14324	MANAGUA, Nicaragua (AP) — Roger Ordoñez was hospitalized with breathing problems last week.
14325	Mana village in Uttarakhand houses several locations linked to the epic Mahabharat and is known as the last village before the China border.
14326	Man breaks in to a house.
14327	Mandel said the group would be looking for three to four months to come up with a business plan.
14328	Mando had to say goodbye to Baby Yoda and we were left with a monumental cliffhanger.
14329	Mando will need all the help he can get to recover Grogu, and now he has two skilled warriors at his disposal.
14330	Mandy describes the story of her family as a nasty circle, where each of her children’s hopes have eventually been knocked back.
14331	Mangiapane's 2 goals helps Flames double up reeling Red WingsJohnny Gaudreau and Sean Monahan scored in the first period, and the Calgary Flames started their road trip with a win, beating the Detroit Red Wings on Sunday.
14332	Manhood was calling to him in the contracting muscles of his calves and his bulkier biceps, but not yet in his loins.
14333	MANILA, Philippines — Police have arrested 21 slum dwellers in the Philippines who were demanding government food aid for staging an “unauthorized protest” during the lockdown to fight the coronavirus.
14334	Manish Chaudhari on his digital debut in Disney+ Hotstar's Aarya, working with Sushmita Sen and Ram Madhvani, and reinventing his craft with time.
14335	Manning, 39, will be best known for his two incredible come-from-behind Super Bowl titles, both stunning wins over the New England Patriots, led by Tom Brady and Bill Belichick.
14336	Manning does have the seventh most touchdowns of all time.
14337	Manning knows how to do sarcastic verbal jabs!
14338	Manning’s Farmhouse is preparing space in the mini-complex that once housed the Tudor Book Store.
14339	Mann said that first due to the and later due to the Modi governmentâ€™s stubborn stance towards the farmers and Captain’s personal â€˜weaknessesâ€™, the state was pushed into an abysmal financial mess.
14340	Manoj Muntashir On Nepotism: “Why These Prestigious Families Don’t Produce Writers.
14341	Man on a mission: Laranzo Dacres started his YouTube channel The Black Experience Japan to highlight the real-life experiences of black people living in Japan.
14342	Man reported missing from north-east found ‘safe and well’
14343	ManTech’s alternative is far better: a modular and flexible architecture where we go to the effort of creating cloud native applications that keep development and O&M costs down significantly.
14344	“Manufacturing activities reflects a strong rebound, and the service sector is gradually stabilising.
14345	Manufacturing now based in Indonesia will move to Thailand, as the Japanese automaker cuts global production by 20%.
14346	“Many Americans have read studies and heard media reports about this drug chloroquine, which is an anti-malarial drug.
14347	Many Americans might agree with that.
14348	Many are finding regularity in live streaming of services and prayers, decorating their houses, having video calls with friends and family, dressing up for services as if they were attending them in person and joining emerging online communities.
14349	“Many are old and are not yielding as much water as they used to.
14350	“Many artists will say, ‘I've been doing this for a long time and we negotiated a deal a long time ago, why should I continue to pay him?”
14351	'Many assumed he is my sugar daddy, which is absolutely wrong and insulting.'
14352	Many billionaires, enjoying the luxury of owning multiple properties far from population centers, are riding out the pandemic in havens for the wealthy such as Jackson Hole, Palm Beach, Hilton Head Island and Sun Valley.
14353	Many Boise State students, no matter the major, find creative forms with which to express themselves and find comfort, especially during times of isolation.
14354	"Many businesses in these regions have already lost three to five months of their year from government shutdowns.
14355	Many businesses will go through respond, recover and renew phases.
14356	Many celebrities had little sympathy for Trump after his self-acknowledged efforts to downplay the severity of the virus.
14357	Many charities that have been effected by the COVID-19 pandemic, especially with many fundraising events being cancelled.
14358	Many citizens from Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan visited our country.
14359	Many countries across the world are grappling from the degradation of biodiversity and are under pressure to accelerate action on biodiversity for sustainable development.
14360	Many critics pointing to years of evidence that most deforestation-related farming is unsustainable of the high degradation rate of organic matter, nutrient leaching rainfalls, and -type soils.
14361	Many democratic political systems allow for minority-led governments, although they often force parties to build majority coalitions to achieve them.
14362	Many distilleries across the country quickly switched from making spirits to producing sanitizer when store shelves were stripped of all available germ-killing hand lotions during the start of the coronavirus pandemic.
14363	Many downtown businesses say they’re fearful they may have to shut their doors should the situation continue to escalate, according to Downtown Victoria Business Association executive director Jeff Bray.
14364	“Many early childhood educators aren’t sure what the recommendations around physical activity are, let alone how to ensure they are met,” Professor Christian said.
14365	Many enterprises may shut down.
14366	Many experts have pointed to the overprescribing of painkillers as the root of the US opioid crisis, but say it then evolved into a heroin crisis and a fentanyl crisis.
14367	Many experts think the coronavirus likely jumped from animals to people at a seafood market in Wuhan.
14368	Many families in Burra today are likely to be descended from one or more of these Cornish migrants.
14369	Many fans hope for the album to be a return to the maximalism of her lead single “Stupid Love,” Gaga’s very first collaboration with starmaker Max Martin.
14370	Many feel "lucky" and "grateful" for what is perceived as a privilege of working flexibly, and this comes with pressure to strive, to go above and beyond.
14371	"Many folks around the state remember visiting Paul Bunyan Land as a child," Ruud said in a news release.
14372	Many found that by entering an address in all caps, they could bypass the error message.
14373	Many have been stalked.
14374	Many have hopped onto the whipped coffee bandwagon since the recipe went viral.
14375	Many health-care and essential workers also have underlying conditions, and some are over 65.
14376	Many he did anonymously so his help was not perceived as being done with an agenda.
14377	Many hosts have found success in creating a House Manual but there are a few things you should know before you start putting together a manual to ensure that you offer your guests accurate and useful information.
14378	Many leaders believe they must be confident to fulfil their roles effectively, but this is not the case.
14379	Many local employees still put an emphasis on sanitizing surfaces, washing hands, and wearing masks.
14380	Many marchers urged officials to “defund the police," which some painted in enormous yellow letters on the street leading to the White House near a “Black Lives Matter” mural that the mayor had added a day earlier.
14381	Many men, like lions, leave the job of parenting to their wives.
14382	Many men mistakenly believe that breastfeeding is strictly confined to women and babies.
14383	Many of my fellow classmates were fervent believers in the supernatural — several swore up and down they’d seen ghosts of old women sitting at the foot of their bed.
14384	Many of our critics, including The New York Times editorial board, believe that Uber and our gig economy peers have failed drivers by treating them as contractors, and that we will do anything to avoid the cost of employee benefits like health insurance.
14385	Many of Steele’s most explosive allegations have been debunked in the 40 months since BuzzFeed News published the dossier.
14386	Many of such loans ended up being bad debts and so render the designated use of the funds impossible.
14387	Many of the findings from this survey are quite different than what we've seen elsewhere, however, which makes us wonder what's different about Power's sample set.
14388	Many of them are fighting for climate change issues.”
14389	Many of the more upper-class student protestors survived and went on to receive scholarships to Western universities and worldwide speaking gigs.
14390	Many of the people onboard cruise ships are older travellers and therefore more at risk of serious consequences.
14391	Many of the plush rooms in this Hilton Curio Collection property overlook the Chicago River and I highly recommend my Vista Suite for the prime river views and comfortable accommodations.
14392	Many of the president’s family members were in attendance at the debate, including Ivanka Trump, Donald Trump Jr., Eric Trump, Tiffany Trump, and the First Lady, Melania Trump.
14393	"Many of the residents suspect the closure of the city might be coronavirus related, but the government has not divulged any reason for banning entry.
14394	Many of these facilities have little or no planning to handle an outbreak of this size.
14395	Many of the signatories are battling severe coronavirus outbreaks and they hope the RCEP will help mitigate the crippling cost of an illness that has ravaged their economies.
14396	‘Many of the steps that are being taken out of necessity now will create new opportunities and lasting efficiencies’
14397	Many of the top bosses received compensation packages last year of more than $1 million, as indicated on the most recent tax filings by the museums.
14398	Many of the winners of the Tommy Jarrell Festival youth competition pose for a photo.
14399	Many of us know how important Calcium is for the health of our bones.
14400	Many of us remember the famous chorus: “This is Halloween / This is Halloween.”
14401	Many older people and people with disabilities rely on uninterrupted home and community services and support.
14402	Many on social media called for security to be stepped up for Sanders.
14403	Many people are still complaining about issues when trying to apply for jobless benefits.
14404	Many people believed King John to be one of the worst kings in history after he imprisoned his former wife, starved opponents to death and murdered his nephew.
14405	Many people have claimed that racism is major problem in police forces.
14406	Many people in rural areas still tend to believe in myths and opt for unwarranted practices to treat snakebite, says P.R. Vishwanath of Oorvanam, a non-governmental organisation involved in snake rescue.
14407	Many people mistakenly believe the color of the inside of their burger–whether it’s pink or brown–lets them know if it is safe to eat.
14408	Many people still question if the Raiders should have drafted defensive end Clelin Ferrell as high as they did in 2019.
14409	Many people stuck indoors amid the viral outbreak are using their extensive time at home as a chance to bring home a new pet to keep them company.
14410	Many Pilgrims thought God had sent Squanto to help them, and without him, they never would have survived and thrived.
14411	Many public demonstrations were organized to address issues like climate change, globalization, and poverty.
14412	Many pundits believe chances of Lionel Messi reuniting with Pep Guardiola in Manchester are more likely to happen than any other options.
14413	Many religious organizations have responded to the spread of the coronavirus by moving entirely online, through live streams and video conferences.
14414	Many remain flabbergasted as to how Sacha Baron Cohen has been making utter fools out of powerful and smart men like Dick Cheney.
14415	Many say the world will change after the end of the COVID-19 crisis, but, at the same time, they forget that there will be no real change in our lives if we do not change our behavior as a society, government, and state.
14416	Many standing in a physically distant line to get their alcohol on Friday.
14417	Many started carrying as early as sixth grade.
14418	Many students are voting for the first time, yet McCloud shared that the majority of students she has interacted with are unfamiliar with the healthcare system.
14419	Many students graduating from high school in 2020 may not have a traditional ceremony, but at least they will have a really unique one!
14420	Many therapies do proven good – and even if they don’t, if it works for you, then why not?
14421	Many times, the House of Representatives preacher has to either cut short his preaching or preach in disorganized chambers.
14422	Many train stations, and even residential neighbourhoods, required passengers and residents to provide such information as a way of verifying whether they had been to areas hard-hit by the virus (such as Hubei Province) before allowing them to enter.
14423	Many travelled long distances either in their private vehicles or in taxis or on motorcycles to get to the warehouses to loot.
14424	Many veterans have requested upgrades to their discharge status.
14425	Many viewers feel she is not a good fit for the ABC daytime show as she loses her temper easily.
14426	"Many websites promote turmeric as a cure for cancer.
14427	Many with possible silent hypoxia could clear the infection on their own, he said.
14428	“Many women under lockdown for COVID-19 face violence where they should be safest: in their own homes.
14429	Many would have anticipated license holders to put a stop to a product that may profit from their intellectual property but there is still scope for a new game from the developers.
14430	Maple Valley woman found alive after missing for days https://t.
14431	Mara Regional Ruwasa Manager Sadick Chakka said participation of stakeholders was crucial for meeting water targets.
14432	MARGARET BRENNAN: And his chief of staff went out and-- and said the media's covering this--
14433	Margy thinks to herself that: “Frankie wasn’t much … but he was better than nobody.
14434	Mariah Carey wear bandana as a mask while cheering on.
14435	Marin County had 38 COVID-19 patients as of Sunday morning.
14436	Mario being Japanese would come as a shock to many people, including Miyamoto himself.
14437	Mario Cuomo, were he alive today, would be straddling the same contradiction as his sons, making high-flown speeches about how “all lives matter” while denying protection to the most vulnerable lives of all.
14438	Mario Molina receiving the CCAC’s Climate and Clean Air award in San Francisco in September 2018.
14439	MARIPOSA, Calif. — Paul L. Vasquez, the burly mountain man whose psychedelic reaction upon seeing a double rainbow propelled him to Internet stardom and turned him into a folk hero, has died in Central California.
14440	Marjorie Taylor Greene, QANON Promoter, Wins Congressional Seat Republican Marjorie Taylor Greene has won her Congressional race in Georgia.
14441	Mark Briscoe took his turn at the gift table to form his squad.
14442	Markets are looking very vulnerable as it seems the bear market rally calls are holding true.
14443	Markets remain primarily focused on the coronavirus and plunge in yields will likely only slow down once we see the virus hysteria ease in the US or the rest of the G7 delivers massive fiscal and monetary stimulus.
14444	Mark Friedman, who helped found the organization, saw something in Johnson.
14445	Marko, 76, believes he may have already had the coronavirus – although he has not been tested – and praised the effort of Red Bull and other F1 teams in helping to build much-needed ventilators to support the NHS.
14446	Mark says the events have taken off, with guests going into 'haunted' places to try to find ghosts with the trio.
14447	Mark Zuckerberg is not a man used to failure.
14448	Marnu Prinsloo loved playing outside, going to school and spending time with his family, as every other six-year-old boy does, until he was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) in June 2017.
14449	Marooned islanders on Easdale are hoping work will start this week to remove slate and rubble blocking their harbour.
14450	Marriage Certificates – Requests will be accepted by phone or by mail.
14451	"Marriage is all nice and cute but then kids show up and they take up all the oxygen in the land," Obama said.
14452	Married At First Sight’s KC Osbourne has revealed the reason why her and Michael Goonan called it quits on their post-show romance.
14453	Marsalis was on tour in Australia when he received a call from director Wolfe about coming on board as the film’s composer.
14454	Marshal Dillon might say what came out in the end was a sight for sore eyes.
14455	Marshall also took home second place in Louisiana for “Columnist of the Year,” second place for “General Sports Story,” honorable mention for “Prep Writer of the Year” and the Press-Herald’s sports section finished in the top-five overall.
14456	Marshall is a two-sport high school athlete.
14457	Marshall performed an Iron Claw slam and then performed a top rope moonsault.
14458	Marshall represents a solidly Republican, farm-focused district from which former Senate Republican leader Bob Dole, Sen. Jerry Moran and the retiring Sen. Pat Roberts built the base of their power.
14459	Marsh also shared and discussed a recent article arguing that getting a positive COVID-19 test rate under 3 percent was a significant milestone in combating the virus.
14460	Marsh & McLennan Companies has increased its dividend by an average of 8.4% per year over the last three years and has raised its dividend every year for the last 10 years.
14461	MARS (Molecular adsorption in a recirculating system) dialysis serves as a stabilisation technique as well as a bridge to transplant until a new liver is available from the dead organ donation pool.
14462	Martha was traditional and only saw the world in front of her, Mary saw something different.
14463	Martian invaders demand that you murder someone in order to save the world?
14464	Martin Green’s event has been mocked as a “festival of Brexit” ever since it was announced by former prime minister Theresa May in 2018.
14465	Martin O’Brien, the founder of Patient’s Care Collective (PCC) on Telegraph Avenue, said the order is devastating.
14466	Martin set up his own fund for charities helping coronavirus-hit people and he wants rich people to donate.
14467	Martin Vetterli’s term as president of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL) has been renewed for an additional four years.
14468	MARTIN: Well, that would only.
14469	Marty edges toward stereotypes, but that works for Crystal, who shines in the role.
14470	Marty Scurll will remain with Ring of Honor.
14471	Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU)The Falcon and The Winter Solder is one of the most anticipated shows currently in production and potentially an important part of the MCU's next phase.
14472	Marvel fan art shows devouring Ultron in a reimagining of a classic painting.
14473	Marvel has also postponed Amy Adams-starrer The Woman in the Window, a 20th Century title and The Personal History of David Copperfield, featuring Dev Patel, from its Searchlight banner, which were supposed to debut on April 15 and May 8, respectively.
14474	Marvel initially offered the role of Hope van Dyne to Jessica Chastain, but she turned it down after reading the script and being unhappy with how the character was portrayed.
14475	Marvel Studios, which handles production on all MCU movies, will produce the Nick Fury Disney+ series.
14476	Marvez said, “You mean next Wednesday?”
14477	Marvin Lamarr Gregory, age 64 of Pisgah, passed away on Thursday, July 30, 2020, at his residence.
14478	Mask-making mamas like Henderson have become the 'Rosie the Riveter' of the coronavirus pandemic, helping people get a homemade form of personal protective equipment to help prevent the spread of the virus.
14479	“Masks and social distancing are the only way we are going to get through this pandemic and keep the curve flat.”
14480	Masks are also required outdoors in spaces where people can’t maintain six feet of distance from one another.
14481	Masks help to prevent the spread of COVID-19, which spreads primarily through droplets from person to person when droplets land in one’s nose or mouth when an infected party sneezes, coughs or talks in close proximity, according to the CDC.
14482	Masks, like social distancing, lockdowns and hand washing, only really protect people if EVERYONE is doing it.
14483	Masks were mandatory, hand sanitiser bountiful, temperatures were taken on entering the festival grounds and ubiquitous red signs warned attendees to respect the anti-coronavirus measures.
14484	Mask-wearing is required in all businesses and whenever leaving home.
14485	Mason asked, "You said the age difference became a problem?"
14486	Mason said many people experiencing homelessness are family members of residential school survivors.
14487	Massachusetts health officials on Thursday reported 1,243 coronavirus cases, the highest count since the spring and the sixth straight day topping 1,000 amid a virus spike, while 27 more people died from the disease.
14488	Massachusetts residents who believe they are victims of fraud or other criminal activity related to the pandemic should contact the United States Attorney’s Office at USAMA.
14489	Massachusetts Sen. turned in a fiesty performance, going after Bloomberg, Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar and former South Bend, Indiana Mayor Pete Buttigieg, who in turn had testy moments between each other.
14490	Massage oil (preferably vegetable-based) into the skin of the perineum using fingers and thumbs.
14491	Massaro says they anticipated this scenario.
14492	Massimiliano Giansanti, the president of Confagricoltura, the Italian agriculture association, said the sector needed 250,000 people to reap spring and summer harvests and to maintain vineyards.
14493	Massive violence in the wake of Sunday’s sham election has thrown a spotlight on Belarus and the growing backlash to a quarter century of one-man rule.
14494	MasterChef Australia fans have picked up an embarrassing gaffe by contestant Simon Toohey during a stressful taste test challenge.
14495	Master Ji, as per the prevailing custom, was enrolled in local Madrasa in the vicinity, where “Aakhoon” Balak Koul Jan taught him Persian primer, “Gulistan” and “Bostan” as per the norms of the day.
14496	Master Sgt. Touchette also interviews Technical Sgt. Todd Monroe from the same unit.
14497	Mastrobuono was certainly one of them.
14498	Mathematical models use current weather conditions and complex atmospheric physics to generate a forecast.
14499	Matsuda was the key to luring out Higuchi, who had been cautious and cagey until then.
14500	Mattel has been criticized over the years for making dolls that were overly sexualized and too thin.
14501	Matthew Hoh, who worked for the State Department in Afghanistan and is now a senior fellow with the Center for International Policy, tells me that the reports of Russian bounties likely originated with the Afghanistan intelligence agency.
14502	Matthews’ career has taken a circuitous route through Utah, Portland, Dallas, New York, Indiana and Milwaukee.
14503	Matthews refuses even to entertain the idea that a majority of voters does not share her love of Trump.
14504	Matthews’ son, 26-year-old Janeal Wright, told state Rep. La Shawn K. Ford in an interview livestreamed over Facebook that he was sorry for the party and didn’t realize the importance of social distancing when he threw it.
14505	“Matthew was happiest when he knew he was contributing to something greater than himself,” a Royal Canadian Navy spokesperson read Tuesday morning, on behalf of Pyke’s family.
14506	Matt Hua (COL ’22) has also struggled with receiving appropriate academic accommodations this semester.
14507	Matt Kaye, a 44-year-old former professional wrestler from West Hempstead, NY, said he lost his father, who was his best friend, and that's the type of father he'd like to be.
14508	Matt, on the other hand, wants to find a significant other, but he has been through so much that he questions everything.
14509	Matt Ryan threw for 281 yards and ran for a touchdown, Younghoe Koo made four field goals and the held on to beat the 25-17 on Thursday night to avoid a series season sweep.
14510	Maui Police Lieutenant Audra Sellers responded to Maui Now’s request for information saying, “Thus far, nothing has indicated foul play.”
14511	Maunsell, who also saw the construction of similar forts in the Mersey, was a man who knew a thing or two about concrete and it's hard to argue given their longevity.
14512	Maura opted for an all black 90s inspired look, including wide trousers, crop t-shirt, Prada bucket hat and matching jacket.
14513	Maureen Pratt is a Los Angeles-based author.
14514	Mauritius says it was forced to give it up in exchange for independence, which it gained in 1968.
14515	Mauss’ seminal work, “The Angel and the Beehive: The Mormon Struggle with Assimilation,” was not published until 1994, when the scholar was 66, but the volume was an instant hit in the independent Latter-day Saint community.
14516	Mauston will look for an opponent to play next Friday in the regular season finale.
14517	Maxie and Peter had a plan for their gender reveal… or did they?
14518	MaxPreps, which is used by state athletic associations nationwide for most high school sports, recently came out with a list of nation’s winningest high school football programs.
14519	Max’s failures have put him in debt to Morgan Freeman, cast as a mobster who fancies himself as a movie buff.
14520	MAY 27: The sky puts on a show at sunset at the Mendon Drive-in on May 27, 2020 in Mendon, MA.
14521	'Mayall answered, 'He's not with us anymore, he left us a few weeks ago.'
14522	Maya Rudolph also played Kamala Harris a few times, and it was only natural that they’d keep her around for season 46.
14523	Maybe 200? Probably more.
14524	Maybe a guy like Micah Jones makes his way into the two-deep with his 6-foot-5 frame.
14525	Maybe a nice mound of salt for the R8 rumor.
14526	Maybe Ben really will end up with a daughter – one that could help him understand Eve’s perspective.
14527	Maybe even mayor, he says.
14528	Maybe he will live.
14529	Maybe his performance became such a thing because is so dynamic that he brings him up another level, but the two of them play off each other perfectly together, especially in that era.
14530	Maybe in front of some fans.
14531	Maybe it all worked out well, though I suspect many couldn’t survive in the new universe and fell through the cracks.
14532	“Maybe it’s best for all parties to split,” she added.
14533	Maybe it’s best to not go poking about for superior life.
14534	Maybe it's just me, but that story seemed to lack many useful details.
14535	Maybe it’s too humiliating.
14536	Maybe she's a new addict.
14537	Maybe she's just now noticing her upper lip smells bad.
14538	Maybe some in the US are noticing it for the first time, but it has been standard for decades now.
14539	Maybe some odd variation of PICA?
14540	Maybe that could've been what got him to start wearing the gauntlets.
14541	Maybe that’s the answer.
14542	Maybe that’s where Taylor comes in. Possibly he’s giving Newton the eye test during conditioning drills, gleaning insight on a free agent whose interactions with the Chargers are restricted with the NFL closing team offices because of the coronavirus.
14543	Maybe, they should have known that would be the case in ‘95.
14544	Maybe twice that.
14545	“Maybe we’ll be out by 3:30?”
14546	Maybe you are too young to remember.
14547	Maybe you'll spot a loon.
14548	Maybe you’ve heard the horror stories of people dying during an hours-long wait to be seen.
14549	May is preceded in death by her parents; siblings; husband Henry R Diemer Sr; Son Charles S Diemer Sr; and grandsons Henry D Diemer and Joshua R Jordan.
14550	May-ling remembered, “I knew my mother lived very close to God…Asking God was not a matter of spending five minutes to ask Him to bless her child…It meant waiting upon God until she felt His leading.”
14551	Mayor Brian Bowman said the extra charges are necessary to pay for related infrastructure in new sprawling neighbourhoods.
14552	Mayor Brian Snedecor heralded the construction effort and marveled at its architectural elements, designed by the Illinois-based ICC Group.
14553	"Mayor Gradisar did not know that there was an application for Stilettos.
14554	Mayor Jim Kenney, who holds an ex officio position on the art museum’s board, said the institution should also “require training for all staff.”
14555	Mayor Kerreen Conley said she worked for Kobylarz for two years in Redford Township and worked with her on the CWW and “She’s very active and … worked with the public safety millage … and cut the deficit.”
14556	Mayor Knox White said the city carefully chose to only require masks in businesses that everyone has to use, whether they are trying to isolate themselves or not.
14557	Mays for years has organized the Peace Garden MKE, a project promoting community peace and art along with gardens for the survivors of people killed by violence.
14558	May the Lord have mercy on his soul.”
14559	Mayville State’s website shows five total active cases related to the university, including four active cases among on-campus residents and one distance learning student as of Friday morning.
14560	Mayweather himself has confessed for having a passion for watches, and in January last year showed off his 41-piece collection with a £14m ‘Billionaire watch' by Jacob & Co the most expensive of the lot.
14561	Mbaluk managing director Michael Simbi was at pains to justify the merger between his company and Countryside Leaf.
14562	Mbappe could start as PSG target first Champions League finalBy Simon Evans LISBON - Paris St Germain striker Kylian Mbappe could start Tuesday's Champions League semi-final against RB Leipzig, as the French club target.
14563	Mbube was misinterpreted as Wimoweh almost at once by American folk singer Peter Seeger.
14564	“McArdell said her career experience includes being self-employed in the communications field.
14565	McCarron said the county will continue to look at similar opportunities and encourage people to get involved.
14566	McCarthy played a key role in the development of Aaron Rodgers, and the Cowboys believe he will be good for Dak Prescott, who is entering his fifth season.
14567	McCarthy (R-Calif.) made the request in a letter dated Tuesday and addressed to Fox News Media CEO Suzanne Scott, ABC News President James Goldston, NBCUniversal Chairman Cesar Conde, CBS News President Susan Zirinsky, and CNN President Jeff Zucker.
14568	McClatchy said it remained committed to journalism.
14569	McConnell and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer traded jabs ahead of the vote, with McConnell accusing Democrats of doing Pelosi’s bidding, and Schumer arguing that Republicans only care about confirming Barrett.
14570	McConnell has been careful not to say when he believes the final confirmation vote will happen, other than "this year."
14571	McConnell has not said whether he would put the Manchin-led plan up for a vote, but faces pressure from conservatives in his rank to pull the legislation to the right.
14572	McConnell said at the hearing that a search warrant executed Tuesday morning at Maiorana’s home shows that his words were not “simply idle chatter in the wake of the presidential election.”
14573	McConnell’s move Tuesday would clear the way for a Thursday test vote in which Democrats are sure to block the legislation.
14574	McDonald’s has found recent success with its Travis Scott and J Balvin meals, but the chain is still struggling.
14575	McDonald’s is bringing back six menu favourites this Thursday including the apple pie and chicken legend.
14576	McGibney formed a strong friendship with Frankston senior coach Danny Ryan, and said the call to tell him he was leaving for Bunyip was a particularly hard one to make.
14577	McGregor isn’t a big guy, but he is going to try to bully Cerrone,” Finocchiaro said.
14578	McGrew said at Jim Beam, they train future blenders by exposing them to various scents and ingredients over a period of years.
14579	McHugh was born and raised in Princeton, where his mother taught second grade for 30-something years.
14580	McInnis, who is the son of BC assistant men’s hockey coach Marty McInnis, played 4 years at Boston College and graduated this spring.
14581	McKay stood on the stage and thanked fans for joining them.
14582	McKesson’s masks cost no more than $1.19 each, while the masks from Donaldson have ranged in price from $1.65 to $5.50, with higher prices for better filtration.
14583	McLachlan has encouraged coaches to play what he termed "expansive footy", by which he means an attacking, entertaining brand that will keep eyes trained on screens.
14584	McLaren Renault finished third in the Constructors’ Championship with 202 points, behind champions Mercedes and Red Bull Racing.
14585	McMahon then went to Philadelphia to serve as Randall Cunningham’s backup from 1990-92 but had 12 starts.
14586	McMillan said the spike in cases could generate more volatility in the short term, but that the economy should see additional gains in 2021.
14587	MCSO had already received a Mamba tactical wheeled vehicle from DLA in 2014.
14588	Md Shahadat Hossain is the manager of Taj Scientific, a leading medical equipment importer.
14589	Meadows added: “Obviously there are a number of senators that have concerns over the amount we’re spending.
14590	Meaning that people got their credentials — which allowed them to receive higher salaries —without actually attending all the required classes, which violates a Minnesota statute.
14591	Meaning the Christmas-New Year week is going to be horrendous, and it will keep going up well into January.
14592	Meanwhile, $1,000 (1.4 million kyats) worth of chemical fertilizers and soft drinks were imported.
14593	Meanwhile, 15,356 fully-recovered patients returned home – nearly double compared to fresh cases – taking up the total number of discharged patients from 12,81,896 to 12,97,252 so far, as against 205,415 active cases in the state.
14594	Meanwhile, 713 more people have been put under home quarantine in the district, taking the total number to 4,497.
14595	Meanwhile across the continent, music stars have also created songs and talks to educate the public about the physical distancing and hygiene recommendations.
14596	Meanwhile, a document detailing a range of measures businesses must implement before they reopen was launched by the government today.
14597	Meanwhile, after that 286% jump in Minnesota prescriptions, on April 25, the Board of Pharmacy published this warning from the FDA — taking the drug for COVID-19 could result in serious health consequences.
14598	Meanwhile, a Hill-HarrisX poll conducted after the debate but before Trump announced he had tested positive for the coronavirus, found Biden leading nationally by 7 percentage points, a 2-point increase from the last poll conducted September 19-21.
14599	Meanwhile, a report has also claimed that Google is working on new features for the Google Assistant.
14600	Meanwhile, a retired school teacher, Merza Nietes, said she usually spent her morning in her garden.
14601	Meanwhile, Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has reiterated to the board that he wants funds to improve his squad this summer.
14602	Meanwhile, at Dakal on Day 17, Tony felt he was close with Kim and Jeremy.
14603	Meanwhile, a younger and equally energetic lad spun around on the dancefloor as he showcased his break dancing moves to the sound of Danzell's party anthem Pump It Up.
14604	Meanwhile, bicyclists and residents of Bal Harbour who pass by the makeshift memorial to Ethan Gordon tell CBS4’s Peter D’Oench they are horrified by what happened.
14605	Meanwhile, Bishop of the Anglican Church in Sarawak and Brunei Right Reverend Datuk Danald Jute and the church were appreciative of the efforts by frontliners and those working behind the scenes during this pandemic.
14606	Meanwhile, BTY estimates that construction costs in Saskatchewan and Atlantic Canada could be flat or rise up to two per cent, as low interest rates offset rising oil and lumber prices.
14607	Meanwhile, China operates between 130 and 150 L-15s in nine squadrons, presumably mostly the subsonic L-15A.
14608	Meanwhile, conservatives have accused Facebook and others of political bias as the platforms step up their oversight of content to clamp down on false or violent material.
14609	Meanwhile, Crawley shut down speculation that she met Moss before the show.
14610	Meanwhile, EBITDA declined by 52.1% to Rs377.7cr in Q3 from Rs787.9cr in Q2 2019.
14611	Meanwhile, Elroy Jr, the CEO of 108 Estate, stated, “As a small business from the community of Villa, it is an honour to be able to provide such an essential service even during this global pandemic.
14612	Meanwhile, even countries that do not seem to have good diplomatic relations or at least a deep history of political relations have not sought to turn this crisis into a pretext for political opportunism.
14613	Meanwhile, finely slice the remaining garlic.
14614	Meanwhile, Fitch says remittances to the region will see a downturn as social distancing measures affect the U.S. service sector.
14615	Meanwhile, Forests of Morocco aims to make forests a space for development, to ensure the sustainable management of their resources, to strengthen their productive capacities, and to preserve biodiversity.
14616	Meanwhile, Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara State yesterday regretted statements credited to the All Progressives Congress (APC) on the role of Zamfara State in the fight against banditry in the North-West.
14617	Meanwhile, her apparent unpopularity amongst Andrei supporters seems to have doubled down during the last 90 Day Fiancé Tell-All episode with some of her culturally-insensitive comments.
14618	Meanwhile, here are the newly assigned quarantine status for other COVID-19 affected areas.
14619	Meanwhile, in Gort, Donal Walsh, General Manager of Rosemount Nursing Home, confirmed that to-date, he had no contact from the HSE as to when testing of staff and residents there might begin.
14620	Meanwhile, in New York, Licin hopes the state Senate will move forward with the stalled bills that would help her sister, who is now back home, get her case accepted by the workers' comp insurer.
14621	Meanwhile, investigation thorough investigation will be conducted in the case so that if the suspect is culpable, he will serve as an example for others who nurse similar ambition against young girls in the state”, she said.
14622	Meanwhile, investors will also continue to track rupee and crude oil price movement,” Ajit Mishra, VP – Research, Religare Broking said.
14623	Meanwhile, just blocks away, the Senate will continue its impeachment trial over allegations that the president tried pressuring the Ukrainian government into investigating one of his political rivals.
14624	Meanwhile, Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin are documenting their time in quarantine via Facebook’s The Biebers On Watch.
14625	Meanwhile, Marwein petitioned the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), Guwahati, for redress of his grievances.
14626	Meanwhile, more rural parts of the electorate are experiencing different, if not new, challenges of their own.
14627	Meanwhile, new data provided by the Maine CDC suggest that growing numbers of out-of-state visitors are testing positive for COVID-19.
14628	Meanwhile, only 50 contact tracers out of a hoped-for 1,000 are on the job.
14629	Meanwhile, on Monday that Trump authorized the strike on Suleimani seven months ago could further undermine the administration’s justification.
14630	Meanwhile, other members of the team have voiced their thoughts about upcoming storylines this season.
14631	Meanwhile, outraged relatives said they got the runaround when they demanded answers from workers inside the funeral home.
14632	Meanwhile, Peel and York saw a rise in cases as they reported 433 and 152 cases on Friday, respectively.
14633	Meanwhile, Prakasam District Collector Pola Bhaskar assessed the preparedness of the grassroots level staff in handling any fresh COVID-19 cases.
14634	Meanwhile, President Trump has truly rallied and motivated the American people to see their country resurrected from the morass into which the political establishment had dragged it.
14635	Meanwhile, President Trump restricted travel from China, held the global health bureaucracy accountable, signed direct stimulus relief into law, and orchestrated a historic nationwide effort to produce masks, ventilators, and—one day soon—a vaccine.
14636	Meanwhile Roger collects his full pay of 40+ million.
14637	Meanwhile, Shen fever is sweeping the world at an alarming rate, turning thousands of people into zombies.
14638	Meanwhile, some employees from the centre have also been helping to keep the community active by sharing exercise routines on social media.
14639	Meanwhile, some progressive voices defended the movie under the right of freedom of speech.
14640	Meanwhile, support for the Black Lives Matter movement has climbed to 49% among all Americans, up 18 points from a similar poll two years ago, rising 28 points among Democrats and 6 points among Republicans.
14641	Meanwhile, “Tenet” added $37.7 million globally, pushing its total to $207 million worldwide.
14642	Meanwhile, the effects of the coronavirus pandemic are expected to be even more dramatic.
14643	Meanwhile, the ESA-Roscosmos ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter (TGO) joined in 2016, soon to be joined by the ExoMars Rosalind Franklin rover and its accompanying surface science platform, scheduled for launch in July.
14644	Meanwhile, the federal government has continued with the implementation of the Economic Sustainability Plan.
14645	“Meanwhile, the management of NSITF is open to any form of investigation by the appropriate agency as there is nothing that the management will hide or is hiding.
14646	Meanwhile, the merchandise exports contracted 1.8 per cent in December, declining for fifth month in a row month, even as the trade deficit fell to $11.25 billion from a year ago period, the government data released on Wednesday showed.
14647	Meanwhile, the Pakistan Ulema Council (PUC) asked people to follow preventive measures of social distancing during Taraweeh.
14648	Meanwhile, the province says logging contractors affected by the strike can now apply for bridging loans from a $5 million fund that was established earlier this month.
14649	Meanwhile, there are three new entries in the All-Australian Top 100 with The New South Wales Briefing (Southern Cross Austereo), League Pass and Chill (News Corp Australia), and The Imperfects (ARN/iHeartMedia) all debuting.
14650	Meanwhile, the school hired an outside marketing firm to create a virtual tour video production and is busy taking fall enrollment and registration digitally.
14651	Meanwhile, the SEC has given instructions to returning officers of all divisions of GHMC to issue postal ballot papers to persons (voters) with disabilities, persons aged above 80 years and COVID-19 positive persons on demand.
14652	Meanwhile, the state's Department of Corrections Acting Commissioner Marcus Hicks said in a statement that his department is committed on partnering with the Murphy Administration on finding sustainable solutions to combat substance abuse disorders.
14653	Meanwhile, the top doctor for Ontario’s Windsor-Essex region said Thursday progress is being made to bring COVID-19 outbreaks on local farms under control.
14654	Meanwhile the United States actually saw a small rise in speeds during its lockdown period (+3.
14655	Meanwhile, the US Congress Members reminded Biya that “in the past, you have worked with some of us to release others unjustly detained in Cameroon.
14656	Meanwhile, the US continues to struggle with the momentum of cases increasing.
14657	Meanwhile, the weakest toasters of the bunch -- Hamilton Beach and Toshiba -- weren't able to get the Eggos quite crisp enough.
14658	Meanwhile, this week officially opened its online store in India.
14659	Meanwhile, though imperfect, Democrats are both against the death penalty (pro-life) and, compared to Republicans, pro-climate legislation.
14660	Meanwhile, thousands of demonstrators arrived on Saturday night in convoys of vehicles in Balfour Street, in front of the prime minister’s official residence in Jerusalem, to continue the protest against Benjamin Netanyahu.
14661	Meanwhile, three more -linked deaths were reported from Maharashtra, Gujarat and Bengal, taking the nationwide toll to 29, while the number of cases spiked to 1071 as the lockdown entered its sixth day.
14662	Meanwhile, Trump deducted over $70,000 in hair styling costs.
14663	Meanwhile, Twitter appears awash with guesses of either Jason Manford or Jack Whitehall.
14664	Meanwhile, two returnees from Majnu Ka Tilla gurdwara in Delhi, were among 23 new cases of novel reported in Punjab on Tuesday, taking the state’s total tally to 1,914.
14665	Meanwhile, unconfirmed say that many porn websites are giving free subscriptions to attract its viewership base.
14666	Meanwhile we’ll carry on with our news and links open thread full of crockpot recipes, nap strategies and beer recommendations; drop by for some fan wisdom, snark and it’s Friday, time to take half a day off and start the weekend early!
14667	Meanwhile, Zimbabwe are set to tour Bangladesh in February-March for a one-off Test, three one-day internationals (ODIs) and two T20Is, according to the announcement made by the Bangladesh Cricket Board.
14668	Measures and structural reforms are necessary in order to arrest the rapidly deteriorating internal security environment.”
14669	Measuring emissions across the whole value chain can be incredibly complex for a like Walmart with its thousands of suppliers around the world.
14670	Mecca Masjid in Hyderabad, which would witness a gathering of nearly 1 lakh on Juma-tul-Vida every year, wore a deserted look in view of the COVID-19 lockdown and followed the government orders which bans congregation at religious places.
14671	Medallia (NYSE:MDLA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, June 2nd.
14672	Media investigations show that female pupils are particularly vulnerable to violence and sexual abuse and in fact, girls are often just less visible because they are not on the streets.
14673	Media reforms should not be at community level alone, but also the public broadcaster so that it serves the interests of the real public.”
14674	Medical College of Wisconsin president and CEO John Raymond says even as more businesses reopen and take precautions, they should also realize coronaviruses don't easily disappear in a connected world.
14675	Medical staff may refuse to work this weekend if there are not enough gowns and other personal protective equipment () for them, a union has warned.
14676	Medics monitor the woman's hormones so they can implant the embryo at the right time when the womb lining is thick enough.
14677	Meet Britain's best golfing twins - a brother and sister who both won their club championships on the same day aged 16.Calum and Maya Fitzgerald recently triumphed in the men's and ladies' competitions.
14678	Meet Daniel Klein who stacks and deconstructs complex patterns made of cups faster than the eye can see.
14679	Meeting agendas for all regular meetings are posted the Friday prior to the meeting at City Hall and the inside Post Office bulletin board, as well as one other public bulletin board (usually the Grange or the Blue Lake Laundromat).
14680	Meet Tiffany, the mother who relocated from America to Ghana permanently.
14681	Meghan is expected to join the meeting via conference call from Canada as they attempt to work out the “next steps” towards a compromise and nip the growing crisis in the bud.
14682	Meghan Markle's favorite beauty pro Daniel.
14683	Meghan Markle tells friends she CAN have it.
14684	Meghan Markle was visibly overcome with emotion following the proposal, and could be seen cheering and applauding Danny.
14685	Meghan McCain Questions Katie Hill on Resignation: 'You Were Sleeping With a Member of Your Campaign Staff' https://t.
14686	'Meghan's style is interesting, simple and understated, but we've now lost her to Canadian fashion, so there's no hope.
14687	Meghan, wife of Harry, Duke of Sussex, opened up about the tragic incident to New York Times in an article.
14688	Mehra also submitted it would be against the spirit of the Supreme Court judgement regarding decongestion of jails during the pandemic.
14689	Meiergerd adds 4-H and FFA Events are on.
14690	“Me, I’m very much at peace.”
14691	Meinhardt stated in November that student discipline on vaping thankfully isn’t as big of an issue as it could be, and the district has been very fortunate so far to keep at a minimum.
14692	Mekki, 28, re-joins the Stonebridge Road outfit having already shown Fleet fans just what he can do during a loan spell from Bromley last season.
14693	Melaye, who posted a video of himself singing, said the president has now seen the devil in Magus' anti-corruption fight.
14694	Melbourne has a late shower, with a low of 10C and a top of 21C.
14695	"Melbourne is a beautiful city.
14696	Melbourne Stars' Marcus Stoinis became the highest run-getter in Big Bash League (BBL) on Sunday.
14697	Melbourne Town Hall will host the first National Climate Emergency Summit, with singer and more expected to deliver addresses.
14698	Melburnians enjoy a Melbourne Cup day holiday on the Yarra River.
14699	Mel insists that Jack belongs with Charmaine, the woman carrying his child, but he points out a minor snag in her plan: “I’m not in love with her.”
14700	Melynda Jarratt, the museum's executive director, said that when she inquired about the rejection, she was told the museum's request didn't satisfy the program's requirements.
14701	Members of the board are typically experts in vaccine science and biostatistics who teach at major medical schools.
14702	Members of the NRA may not look like much individually.
14703	Members of the public are not allowed to view the tuna auction, a popular event at the Toyosu market, or use restaurants located within its premises.
14704	Members of the public are reminded not to bring children on visits anywhere in the hospital.
14705	Members talk outside of St. Mary's Cathedral in Fargo after the first Sunday Mass since the church reopened.
14706	Memorial contributions may be made to the Alzheimer’s Association or Harmony United Methodist Church in care of Walton-Moore Funeral Home, P.O. Box 350, Sycamore, OH 44882.
14707	Memories fade with time.
14708	Memories Resorts & Spa offers a vacation designed to impress the entire family, featuring on-site splash parks and a popular kids club with famous themed characters, Toopy & Binoo™, while provides amazing value for customers in convenient locations.
14709	“Men continue to outnumber women 4 to 1 in key behind-the-scenes roles.
14710	Mendip Heights on Thursday.
14711	Men in APC are not boys.
14712	Mercedes is in a constant battle with her religious but opportunistic mother, Clifford is caught in a closeted affair with an up-and-coming rapper Lil Murda (J. Alphonse Nicholson), and Autumn is struggling to leave her past behind.
14713	Merc has a longstanding history for making big, sumptuous SUVs; its original ML was, after all, one of the first ‘premium’ four-wheel-drives to hit the market, so it’s little wonder that it has become quite so accomplished at making cars in this segment.
14714	Mercifully, his actions did not result in an outbreak of violence as we feared.
14715	Mercury pulls across the sky from the moon, elongating the echoes.
14716	Meredith said it feels “right” to ave this Mackintosh masterpiece, which has been unseen for decades, at the heart of the Scottish Design Gallery at V&A Dundee.
14717	“Merlin is excited to partner with Snap given the unique role they can play in the evolution of social music.
14718	Merv Baker was one of those officers who made the transfer with No. 2 from Fairmont to Churchill in 1959.
14719	Messi then added a fifth with 15 minutes left as he hit a first-time shot with his left foot inside the box following an Alba cross.
14720	MESUT OZIL has been hanging out with Istanbul Basaksehir's manager after the Turkish side offered him a transfer lineline.
14721	Metallurgical recoveries of approximately 80% for nickel and 82% for copper are highly similar and within 3% of the results presented and utilised in the February 2019 Pre-Feasibility Study.
14722	Methane seeps during the colder season decrease their emissions by 43 percent.
14723	Methinks you haven't been there in a while.
14724	Metropolitan Melbourne must reach an average daily case rate of between 30 and 50 cases over the preceding fortnight to trigger an easing of restrictions from September 28.
14725	Me: “what’s wrong with White Claws?”
14726	Mewis attended a USWNT training camp in 2013 and made her senior team debut on February 9, 2013.
14727	Mexico's medical safety commission must grant approval for any vaccine.
14728	Mexico’s office for environmental protection said in a statement late Saturday that the sea lions did not show signs of injuries from getting caught up in fishing nets or lines, nor were there marks on their bodies from possible collisions with boats.
14729	MGK and blackbear join the Top 40 with “my ex’s best friend,” while Derulo scores a debut courtesy of “Take You Dancing.”
14730	Mia was dizzy after going on rides and the feeling lasted for months.
14731	Michael DeVorzon and Paulina Nguyen are embarking on an intense race from not only each other, but also her dangerous past, in the new action film, ‘Fast and Fierce: Death Race.’
14732	Michael Dukakis, the former Massachusetts governor, ultimately won the party’s nomination but lost to George H.W. Bush in the general election.
14733	Michael explained that God gave him orders to perform in Ghana for free.
14734	Michael Osterholm, director of the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota, joined a COVID-19 research presentation hosted by St. Luke's hospital Wednesday evening.
14735	Michael Pina covered this topic wellThe Ringer’s Rob Mahoney.
14736	Michael Revenig went 2-for-5 for a RBI, a stolen base and he scored a run and Jon Affeldt went 2-for-4 for two RBIs.
14737	Michael said he was "over" Meka and their relationship, but then Meka caught him allegedly lying about being a yoga teacher.
14738	Michael's K-1 visa was unfortunately denied following his visa interview, and Angela figured it was because of their age difference and unmarried status.
14739	Michael Warren has returned home to join The Cobar Weekly team.
14740	Michel Barnier said there were 'very serious divergences' between the two sides after briefing EU27 ambassadors on the progress of talks with Lord Frost and the British team.
14741	Michelle Simms, chief executive officer of the Genesis Centre, sees Verafin as a magnet for well-paid jobs, and not just in potential local recruits.
14742	Michigan’s four-member state canvassing board, made up of two Democrats and two Republicans, is expected to meet Monday to determine the results of the election after receiving totals from all 83 counties.
14743	Michigan State at Michigan, 6 p.m.
14744	Mickey Rooney holds the unique distinction of being thrown out of Lakeside.
14745	Mick McGahey, when Vice-President of NUM: “Three most useless things in the world- tits on a bull, balls on a Pope… twitter.
14746	Microsoft, as the underdog, took the opportunity to repeatedly tell us that every game would be on Game Pass and announced when a game was a world premiere or exclusive in some way.
14747	Microsoft has integrated a 512 GB SSD.
14748	Microsoft has launched a handful of new products recently that includes Surface Go 2 tablet, Surface Book 3 laptop, Surface Headphones 2, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock 2 and USB-C Travel Hub.
14749	Microsoft said Monday that it’s adding new security and usability features to Microsoft Edge, complementing the company’s rebranding of its Office 365 suite for consumers into Microsoft 365.
14750	Microsoft's strong cloud demand leads to 'brilliant quarter'
14751	Middle and high school students will be split into Green and Gold groups, attending two days, Monday-Tuesday or Thursday-Friday, in person and learning remotely three days.
14752	MIDRAND – Three suspects linked to the fatal New Road shooting have been arrested following a rigorous manhunt.
14753	MIDRAND – Wright added that the hospital had decided to house all the pangolins off-site.
14754	Might it do so in a manner so severe that deterrence fails and leads to war?
14755	Migrant workers in Sydney are being systematically underpaid and a union analysis of more than 3000 foreign-language job ads reveals offers of illegally low wages as low as $8 an hour are rife.
14756	Migrant workers news: Nearly 50 migrant workers have died in the last 10 days while trying to return to their homes during the coronavirus-induced lockdown.
14757	Mihigo was in 2015 convicted to 10 years in prison for conspiring to assassinate the president and for attempting to collaborate with rebel groups.
14758	Mikayla Lopez has carried a 3.2 GPA and committed to play division one water polo for the University of Loyola Marymount.
14759	Mike Africa Jr. in the HBO documentary “40 Years a Prisoner”
14760	Mike and JP Andrews working under the Instagram handle certainly have a flair for capturing these sorts of images.
14761	Mike Blenden, District Manager of the US Fish and Wildlife Service, prefaced his comments with the statement that natural resource management is primary to the function of all federal agencies and The Nature Conservancy.
14762	Mike Brown was announced as D’Tigers head coach earlier this month.
14763	Mike Mullins is a problem solver and is running for the state House for District 93. He’s taken an abandoned quarry which was an ecological disaster and made it into a natural wonder.
14764	Mike Skolnick, an attorney who represents the Salt Lake Legal Defender Association and the public defenders named in the lawsuit, said Friday that Sanchez’s lawsuit was “not well-grounded in fact or law.”
14765	Mike Takahashi: Be explicit about which assets are in scope and include any infrastructure you can.
14766	Mikey is outgoing, has a great personality, and has a lot of attitude.
14767	Mild exercises can help lower down the pain and relax the muscles increasing natural substances that relieve the pain.
14768	Military kids also took part in a one-mile-run competition.
14769	• Military service and discharge records.
14770	Milk distributors or agents, after procuring milk from individual farmers, manipulate the quality by adding water to increase the quantity.
14771	Miller’s continued success in daytime continued on General Hospital, where he played Jason Morgan-Drew Cain from 2014-2019, while also earning another Emmy nomination in 2018.
14772	Miller's Landing opened its restaurant for takeout and its boat rentals on Friday.
14773	Miller was an Academic All Mountain West Selection last year and is majoring in Animal and Veterinary Science.
14774	Millets are loaded with fibre that provide bulk to the stool and keep constipation -- a common problem during monsoons -- at bay.
14775	Millie Bobby Brown’s Stranger Things Sued For STEALING The Concept; Netflix Reacts!
14776	Millionaire evangelists like Pat Robertson call for America's 50 million fundamentalists to become a mighty political force and reshape society to their liking.
14777	Millions of votes have been cast already, but many states don’t allow vote tabulation to begin until polls close on election night.
14778	Milne will face a sentencing hearing on March 16.
14779	Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett speaks outside of the city’s Central Count location after the polls had closed for the evening on Nov. 3, 2020.
14780	Mindful of elections in November, US President Donald Trump has nonetheless vowed to reopen the country, and a growing number of state governors have already let business resume with precautions.
14781	Mind what you eat or drink.
14782	Mindy is my first boss.”
14783	Mines can also do their own temperature checks on staff each day.
14784	Miniature army in tow, you trek off at a slow plod to the next area, fending off attacks as you go.
14785	Minikus will share that love — and his formula for success — with rising stars in the jumper world at this weekend’s event.
14786	'Minions: The Rise of Gru' Release Date Delayed as Production Is Unable…
14787	Minister for Gozo Clint Camilleri expressed his sadness at the news.
14788	Minister for Home Affairs Peter Dutton revealed this morning that a number of imported packages were stopped by the ABF, which later revealed that 200 units were earmarked for a residence in Wembley Downs and 50 more were headed to Morley.
14789	Minister for Tamil Culture MaFoi K. Pandiarajan said space had been allocated at Ezhilagam and 3,000 sq.ft was set aside with interior works under way.
14790	Minister Gan says Singapore is now testing more than 3,000 migrant workers a day but hopes to expand that number.
14791	Minister of Interior also ordered governor generals across the country to make necessary cooperation and use their optimal resources for realizing objectives of the Ministry of Health in the relevant field.
14792	Minister of Mental Health and Addiction Judy Darcy announced on Thursday at a press conference the province is putting $5 million toward expanding mental health programs and services amid the novel coronavirus pandemic.
14793	Minister of Trade and Industry Ebrahim Patel agreed to the new levies late last year and the measure will soon be made official, according to Izaak Breitenbach, a general manager of the South African Poultry Association.
14794	Ministers and senior officials involved in containing coronavirus accept more UK cases will be likely, including, perhaps, transmission within the UK rather than just cases imported from abroad.
14795	Ministers are in particular concerned about the risks posed by Libra, which was developed by Facebook and other companies.
14796	Ministers have told all businesses to draw up a risk assessment before reopening and display a Covid Secure certificate to show workers will be safe, warning they could face prosecution if they do not.
14797	Ministry of Information has also put forward a draft film policy that seeks to facilitate sustained development of the Sierra Leone film industry to meet international standards.
14798	Minneapolis North's Freshawn Collins, left, and Davon Townley, right, chase a loose ball with East Grand Forks' Jermiah Haavig Saturday at Senior High.
14799	Minority populations, especially African-Americans and Hispanics, have been particularly hard hit.
14800	Minor pain after a car accident is typical, but if the knee hurts when you touch or move it, there could be a severe injury.
14801	MINSK, 19 May (BelTA) – The international scientific online conference “Sakharov Readings 2020: Environmental Problems of the 21st Century" will kick off at Belarusian State University (BSU) on 21 May, BelTA learned from the BSU press service.
14802	MINSK, 20 June (BelTA) – Belarus President Aleksandr Lukashenko extended greetings to healthcare workers on a professional holiday - the Medical Workers Day, BelTA has learned from the press service of the head of state.
14803	MINSK, 26 November (BelTA) – Russia will not argue against the participation of the People's Republic of China in multilateral talks on arms if Beijing agrees to it.
14804	MINSK, 29 December (BelTA) – Belarus' Healthcare Ministry, Russia's Ministry of Health and the Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF) have announced the start of the COVID-19 vaccination program in Belarus.
14805	Minutes after the shooting, Aaron Hayes texted an associate in what police allege was an attempt to create an alibi for his whereabouts between 9pm and midnight.
14806	Miranda Barraza, a sophomore at NDSU, said she's happy she could make a difference in a child's life.
14807	Miriam Jordan reported from Los Angeles, Zolan Kanno-Youngs from Washington and Dan Levin from New York.
14808	“Mishima and his peers were very aware of what was going on in places like Vietnam, Algeria and other decolonizing nations, as well as in American inner cities and European campuses.”
14809	Mississippi State will head to Kentucky.
14810	Missoula County has had a total of 332 confirmed cases and 95 cases are currently active.
14811	"Miss Turner was held dangling in her seat by the velcro seat belt and Roozi Araghi and Cindy Low, who had been seated at the rear of the raft, were pulled into the moving components.
14812	Mister organic allows for 25 free of cost changes certainly no advance payment on the subject of Narcos Video clip slot machine game piece of equipment to every one clean clients simply for making your current signature for way up the latest accounts.
14813	Mitchell, a 6-foot-6 power forward and an all-MW First Team selection, joins small forward Jordan Schakel and center Nathan Mensah as returners from last year’s Aztecs team.
14814	Mitchell Christian (0-12) plays Alcester-Hudson on Saturday in Madison.
14815	Mitchell’s images introduce a dazzling new narrative about Black beauty and desire, embracing themes of the past and creating fictionalized moments of the imagined future.
14816	Mitchell, who played under Cheika at the 2015 World Cup, said his involvement would benefit the world's 10th-ranked side.
14817	“Mitch McConnell to me is one of the most classless, most unpatriotic, most unAmerican leaders that we have ever seen, I have ever seen in my lifetime.
14818	Mitigate airborne transmission by increasing outdoor air ventilation.
14819	Mitt Romney, the Utah Republican senator and 2012 GOP candidate for president, marched alongside hundreds of religious protesters singing Christian hymns as they walked toward the White House, NBC and the Washington Post reported.
14820	Mi TV Lux Transparent Edition has been announced by Xiaomi for the Chinese market.
14821	Mixed modality approaches will include a combination of in-person, remote, videoconference and flipped instruction with cohorts of students attending in person on different days.
14822	Mix the diced pineapple in a bowl with the lime zest.
14823	Mizoram's тАШcyclonic storm dancerтАЩ is back, this time with Samurai moves!
14824	Mjolnir factored much less for Thorlief than the regular Thor (though still one of the most powerful weapons in the Ultimate Universe), and his ego and hubris were amped up to near cosmic levels.
14825	Mkhize said President Cyril Ramaphosa wants to start the evacuation plans immediately.
14826	MKM Partners decreased their price target on Mcdonald’s from $245.00 to $210.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 14th.
14827	M Kold is destined to be the best performing upcoming artiste, judging by his previous local performances and considering that the song offers a sweet melody to the ear.
14828	MLAs in Gehlot camp are hidden for several days in a hotel on the outskirts of Jaipur.
14829	MLB also made it clear that everyone on the team knew what was going on.
14830	M.L.B. announced on Monday that seven Cardinals players and six staff members had tested positive, another body blow for the league after 20 people in the Marlins’ traveling party — 18 players and two coaches — tested positive last week.
14831	MLB determined the two did not do enough to stop the cheating operation that began in 2017 and lasted through part of 2018, and Houston subsequently fired both men.
14832	MLB is not wiping away wins and losses, obviously.
14833	MLB Postpones 2 Games After Teams Are Hit by Coronavirus Both the Miami Marlins opener against the Baltimore Orioles and the Philadelphia Phillies' game against the Yankees were scheduled for Monday.
14834	ML, who also writes articles for different newspapers in the country, said she has been receiving calls from individuals saying they want to start their own businesses, which pushed her to offer lessons collectively.
14835	Mnangagwa has become indifferent, detached and so ordinary you wouldn’t think he is the man at the helm of a country.
14836	Mnangagwa’s claims are despite growing concerns over prevailing gross human rights violations by his regime battling to contain internal strife.
14837	Mobile: Communications is boosted further because most current catering software allows for the mobile view.
14838	Mobilize the septic tank trucks, put a pressure cannon on ’em, and hose ’em down.
14839	Modal verbs: Can you feel the love tonight?
14840	Models showed states needed to extend stay-at-home orders through May, according to Hotez.
14841	Moderna’s vaccine candidate is one of the earliest and biggest bets by the US.
14842	Moderna’s vaccine is one of eight currently in clinical development.
14843	Modi also claimed that he was pained to see that the poor in the state was not getting the benefits of the Centre's welfare schemes.
14844	Modi had requested everyone to switch off all lights of their houses today at ‘9 pm for 9 minutes’ and just light candles or ‘diyas’ to mark the fight against coronavirus, which has claimed 83 lives in the country so far.
14845	Moe then reached out to Essentia Health and met with a care provider via video conferencing.
14846	MOFGA’s Journeyperson Program provides hands-on support, training, and mentorship for people who are serious about pursuing careers in sustainable farming in Maine.
14847	Mohamed Salah scored the only goal of the match to give Jurgen Klopp’s side all three points against Spurs.
14848	Mohammed Salisu will remain here beyond January transfer window â€” Real…
14849	Mohammed Siraj's father dies, cannot go to India for final rites due to COVID restrictions in AustraliaMohammed Siraj's father died due to a lung ailment and the pacer, who is in the Tests for the Australia series, cannot go for the last rites.
14850	Mohammed Usman is one of the passengers flying to Islamabad.
14851	Mohinder Singh Bajwa did not apply for bail when he appeared in court yesterday.
14852	Molepolole based outfit Masitaoka Football Club (FC) continued their remarkable form when they brushed aside a sheepish Sankoyo Bush Bucks 2-1 in an Orange FA Cup’s last 32 encounter this past weekend in Molepolole.
14853	Molina said the committee will also consider a proposal to revise the membership of the county’s Conservation Planning Committee to dedicate seats for residents of Lānaʻi, Molokaʻi and East Maui.
14854	Monday afternoon saw police at three scenes of gunfire.
14855	Monday, March 16 vs. Detroit, 1:00 p.m.
14856	Monday, Sept. 7: Twins outfielder Byron Buxton smiles after a win against the Detroit Tigers at Target Field.
14857	Monetary donations can also be mailed to 3 Government Plaza, Suite 110 Rome, Ga 30161.
14858	Money is just the intermediary commodity which facilitates turning their production into their consumption.
14859	Money plays a huge role in this mixture as it serves as a vehicle for both good and bad deeds.
14860	Money saving expert Martin Lewis walks off GMB after being.
14861	Mongolia will close all ports of entry from and into China until March 2 to try and prevent the spread of the coronavirus epidemic, the government said on Friday.
14862	Monitoring creative trends and doing in-depth competitive analysis are a must within any UA or creative team today.
14863	Monitoring the tweets of the Review-Journal’s sports writers during the Raiders’ Tuesday news conference.
14864	Montclair Public Library and Montclair Literary Festival Present Christina Baker Kline: “The Exiles”
14865	Montgomery was right … to an extent.
14866	Months before his demise, Bernard Nyarko announced his decision not to feature in movies any longer.
14867	Monto noted that there are many flu-related deaths among children every year in the United States.
14868	MONTREAL -- If this year is a historical blip, Concordia University has decided to treat it that way, coming up with temporary rules that will allow students to avoid failing.
14869	MONTREAL — In a split decision, Quebec's Court of Appeal has thrown out a lower court ruling authorizing a $10 million class-action lawsuit brought against entertainment impresario Gilbert Rozon.
14870	Montserrado, Bong, Grand Cape Mount, River Cess, Margibi, Grand Bassa and Bomi are the seven counties that brought out 30 participants.
14871	Monuments are not graded but all are, by definition, considered to be of national importance.
14872	Moon, 51, talked about speech that is used based on the assumption that all participants of a conversation are Japanese or other instances in which a specific race or ethnicity is regarded with hostility.
14873	Moore (pictured) will serve as VP of non-fiction with responsibility for expanding the company’s UK slate of factual, fact-ent, formats, documentaries, features and returning series for broadcasters domestically and abroad.
14874	Moore says despite coronavirus restrictions, a door was possibly left propped open at the station, which is how the suspect got inside.
14875	Moore was elected to Congress, defeating Democratic candidate Darren Parry.
14876	Moran worries there is a slowness to the process that could see some waiting up to a month or more before receiving the benefit.
14877	Mora says she immediately raised the canopy of her son’s stroller as the woman proceeded help herself to some frozen yogurt.
14878	More agricultural jobs can come from producing bio-energy crops on surplus land available for energy crop production once food requirements and environmental protection are fully achieved.
14879	More and more, chess is a game for the young.
14880	More Australians are due to return from Cambodia as soon as Wednesday.
14881	More broadly, the recent deterioration in the quality and responsiveness of public services and the welfare state – from the NHS to policing to the shocking and shameful rise in street homelessness – has a much simpler explanation, and cure.
14882	More business should need to take place on Friday, especially in the South.
14883	More changes now from Arteta - five in total, including Tyreece John-Jules and James Olayinka.
14884	More convincingly, he has a tattoo on his left arm that resembles the one Clint got during his stint as Ronin.
14885	More coverage in these two parties.
14886	More flights are scheduled.
14887	More green spaces in cities could significantly reduce premature deaths and their costs, researchers say.
14888	More importantly, the movie shows a heartfelt story about how politics can change a person for the better, if only they stop pretending to be someone they aren’t.
14889	"More information will be released as it becomes available.”
14890	More interesting (and expected, to be honest), the study reports that women are the ones who keep the bathroom clean in more than 75% of cases for those surveyed… despite men being the ones who take all the time in there to hide out.
14891	More LEDs have been added to the scoop.
14892	More of a standard TV commercial open, then Tom Phillips welcomes us to the show as our entrances for our first match begin.
14893	More often than not, I totally recommend leaving a haircut to the professionals.
14894	Moreover, as AIQ can automate test execution and report generation, it enables us to improve work efficiency of regression testing.
14895	Moreover, Biden’s gains compared with Clinton make a lot of sense when you look at the national polling.
14896	Moreover, both leaders agreed that international cooperation is paramount in confronting this health crisis.
14897	Moreover, going back to a gold standard would create new problems.
14898	Moreover, he will take adequate measures for the safety of himself and all residents of the house, to save from any harmful effect.
14899	Moreover, it was said that Tina realized Brian wasn't ready to settle down after separating from his wife Megan, while the 38-year-old model was looking for something more serious.
14900	Moreover, Lamar led the NFL in total Tds, was the number 6 rusher in rushing yards, led the league in YPC by 1.3 yards, and led the NFL in total yards accounted for.
14901	Moreover, regular treatments with NSAIDs can potentially affect the kidneys as well.
14902	Moreover, RNA can, in principle, be programmed in such a way as to produce antibodies against specific types of cancer, promising forms of treatment that are far gentler than chemotherapy.
14903	Moreover, the US economy is also enacting various forms of debt moratoria such as forbearance on rental payments for struggling families and small businesses to tax relief of various types for companies large and small.
14904	More people are leaving California than ever before, driven.
14905	More people from Medway have died from Covid-19 than any other area of Kent - but a neighbouring borough has the county's highest death rate.
14906	More predominantly it is because consumer confidence has collapsed.
14907	More recently, as in this past October, Mayfield exited a media session early after calling a question from Grossi "the dumbest question you could ask."
14908	More relative information on COVID-19 and children here.
14909	More residents getting tested can help counties get their positivity rates below 5%, enabling them to move into a health tier that’s less restrictive.
14910	More restaurants should offer a tick-the-box menu, I feel.
14911	More severe restrictions came March 20, when Gov. Andrew Cuomo ordered all nonessential workers to stay home, barred gatherings of any size and instructed anyone out in public to stay at least 6 feet from other people.
14912	More so, the vessel is required to be back in Manila kasi need to ferry passengers as schedule(d),” Encabo told MindaNews in a text message Tuesday night.
14913	More specifically, if you look closely at one part of the sky, you can see Galactus flying down, suggesting his arrival will be imminent.
14914	More specifically, Reddit user BullyHunterIII revealed a new video that shows a bug in action and giving the aforementioned map a colorful filter.
14915	More tables and chairs will be added to the waiting areas to eliminate standing-room-only appointments.
14916	More testing has to be done but it makes no sense increasing testing if results cannot be available in 24 hours.
14917	More than 10,000 COVID-19 tests from P.E.I. have been done.
14918	More than 10,000 people took to the streets in Washington, DC, and in Philadelphia, the crowd radiated for blocks from the city’s art museum.
14919	More than 1,000 north-east homes have been left with no power, after seven main network faults have been reported.
14920	More than 150,000 international students currently live in Victoria, with many now without an income due to job loss and financial instability.
14921	More than $1 billion ($1,267,645,207) has been paid out for claims in that period.
14922	More than 2000 policemen will serve in reinforced regime.
14923	More than 20 of Victoria’s 769 cases are believed to be acquired through community transmission.
14924	More than 22,000 presiding officers, poll clerks, reserves, and supervisors are now fully trained.
14925	More than 30,000 people have died as a result of COVID-19 and most countries have implemented strict travel restrictions, while group gatherings have been discouraged and in many cases banned as people are urged to practice social distancing.
14926	More than 325,000 cases have been confirmed around the world, and at least 14,000 people have died from the disease.
14927	More than 40% of positive cases reported in the state data are staff members.
14928	More than 46 million people have already cast their ballots as part of a pandemic-era rise in early voting.
14929	More than 50 officers helped break up the event, which was attended by over 160 people, he claimed.
14930	More than 550 Pasadena residents have been infected by COVID-19, and 65 people have died.
14931	More than anytime in modern history, the need to intensify research has increased because solutions must be sought for coronavirus.
14932	More than ever, airlines and the aviation industry needs support.
14933	More than just an opportunity to see such a classic film on the big screen, the upcoming events help build our excitement about a new entry in the franchise being developed.
14934	More than nine million total cases have been reported in the US, according to a Johns Hopkins University tally.
14935	More than one week later, the numbers went to eight.
14936	More than that, he made me laugh like no other person I'd ever met.
14937	"More than that, though, it feels good our technology contributes to the property management community in a way that promotes the health and safety of the residents and their property management teams."
14938	More walking, cycling and even e-scooters could be part of a new normal as it was revealed that social distancing would see just one in 10 passengers able to travel if the public transport network was running at full capacity.
14939	More were on the negative than the positive side of the issue regarding bringing recreational cannabis to the city.
14940	More white people by the way.
14941	“More youth are falling into homelessness,” said McDowell.
14942	Morgan Edelman had 23 points, nine steals, five rebounds and five assists.
14943	Morgan’s Instagram followers were also interested in the contents of his office, with many noting the amount of books on the shelf behind Elise.
14944	Morgan-Smith is back to work after being laid off in March but has yet to receive the five weeks of unemployment she is owed from the unemployment office.
14945	Morgan Stanley and law firm Freshfields are acting as advisers to the consortium, which is looking to launch a tender offer early next week, both sources said.
14946	Morgan Stanley lifted its position in shares of Ambarella by 70.9% during the 2nd quarter.
14947	Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, July 16th.
14948	Morgan State said University officials are currently evaluating potential partnership opportunities to conduct on-campus testing once the semester starts, in addition to the incorporation of technology to assist in monitoring and potential tracing.
14949	Morgan, who has a master’s degree in administration from Central Michigan University, believes his experience in coaching sports, teaching students and negotiating contracts for Central Montcalm Public School are among his most valuable assets.
14950	Morning Consult's survey research solutions provide actionable intelligence needed to power your organization.
14951	Mo Rocca working on his Diego Rivera masterpiece.
14952	Morocco, Goldstein emphasized, is among the countries that have taken the human rights and safety of prisoners into account.
14953	Morocco’s government promised tightened security measures to detect any possible coronavirus cases at airports and ports.
14954	Morocco’s only investment risks are its dependence on Europe through tourism, foreign direct investment (FDI) and remittance inflows.
14955	Morocco’s Royal Armed Forces (FAR) established a security cordon at the border post in Guerguerat in order to secure the flow of goods and people between Morocco and Mauritania.
14956	Morpheus, the eternal Lord of Dreams, is held captive for decades after a mysterious cult ritual.
14957	Morris County, in Sherrill's 11th Congressional District, is giving Democratic Vice President Joe Biden a lead.
14958	Morrison and Payne initially wanted the WHO to have nothing to do with the inquiry, with the Foreign Minister telling that struck her as "somewhat poacher and gamekeeper".
14959	Morrison has been attempting to paper over the cracks within his partyroom by insisting that there is “no dispute” within the coalition that climate change is linked to the bushfire crisis, despite abundant evidence to the contrary.
14960	Morrison lives in Brentwood and said he's lucky to have Nose Hill Park a stone's throw away.
14961	Mortal adversities “come to us in common with many others, like the millions now struggling through some of the many devastating effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,” Oaks said.
14962	Mortuary services in Massachusetts handle about 60,000 deaths per year.
14963	Moscone hand-wove several of the fabrics for her resort 2021 collection, including the one used for this dress, from pieces of discarded fabric and leftover yarns.
14964	Moser estimated that roughly 160 businesses applied for the funding.
14965	Moses, 27, was alleged to have murdered Abuchi Wisdom Nwachukwu, 29, after the deceased confided in him that his brother, who is based in South Africa, sent him N13 million to complete his building project in Nigeria.
14966	Moshal prefaced Fedotov’s presentation by explaining how her project had led to the family’s reunification.
14967	“Mosques financed with transparency with imams trained in France and respectful of the Republican values and principles, that’s how we will create the conditions so that Muslims in France can freely practice their religion,” Macron said.
14968	Most 2G networks handled phone calls, basic text messaging, and small amounts of data over a protocol called MMS.
14969	Most are boilerplate forms with numbers filled in. The only informant who might thereby be identified would be his tax accountant, named at the bottom of his Form 1040, and that would only be a problem if the accountant were the informant.
14970	Most children diagnosed with neuroblastoma are under the age of five.
14971	Most complaints (56%) were resolved within four months, though it took between four and six months to finalise 20% of complaints, and more than six months to finalise 24% of them.
14972	Most dining tables are a standard 30 inches high, but for the kitchen I recommend a counter-height table (36 inches high), which creates an uninterrupted extension of countertop work surfaces.
14973	“Most diverse band.
14974	Most film historians consider 1999 a watershed year for cinema.
14975	Most fish are 6-8 inches.
14976	Most Guyanese, with even the briefest encounter with these government panjandrums, can attest to their overnight arrogance once they assumed office.
14977	Most Important Lesson Learned This Year: “Staying present and not taking anything for granted.”
14978	Most Important Lesson Learned This Year: “The importance of listening and checking in on people.
14979	Most importantly, 2019 taught me that you cannot raise a kid alone.
14980	Most in-person enrollment outreach events won’t be held this year because of COVID-19 protocols.
14981	Most Left governments have disintegrated or in the process of decay.
14982	"Most likely, the most versatile and efficient cooling technology will take advantage of several different cooling mechanisms, where pulsed jet cooling is expected to be one of these key contributors," Putnam says.
14983	Mostly clear, with a low around 46. North wind around 5 mph.
14984	Mostly clear, with a low around 68.
14985	Mostly cloudy, with a high near 40. West northwest wind 9 to 11 mph.
14986	Mostly cloudy, with a high near 73.
14987	Mostly cloudy, with a low around 61. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 18 to 20 mph, with gusts as high as 28 mph.
14988	Mostly sunny, with a high near 89. East wind 5 to 13 mph.
14989	Mostly they said ‘It was nice that we got something, but it wasn’t that much.’
14990	Mostly though, people complied.
14991	“Most major export routes remain open via the Heathrow Worldwide Distribution Centre (HWDC) and we continue to accept and process mail.”
14992	Most mornings, many Canadians have no clue what they will eat for dinner that evening, let alone over the next one or two weeks.
14993	“Most of all, I am grateful to be a part of the Ridgefield School District team.
14994	Most of his victims had no clue they had been attacked.
14995	Most of Hotze’s recent election lawsuits were unsuccessful.
14996	Most of its inhabitants are poor farmers and labourers, even though some of its young picked up arms against the establishment.
14997	“Most of my customers live within a 50-mile radius of Park Rapids, but I have done work for people from all parts of the country, especially when I was doing fish.
14998	“Most of our clients are using stock for their down payment, and they don’t have the purchasing power they did even two weeks ago,” she said.
14999	Most of the best apples grown here produce fruit either early (June) or late from mid-September through mid-December and before it freezes.
15000	Most of the classes will still be taught online.
15001	“Most of the factories are not complying with the safety guidelines,” said Babul Akter, president of the Bangladeshand Industrial Workers Federation, adding that dozens ofworkers had been infected with the virus.
15002	Most of the kindergarten’s toys and play equipment were thrown into the rubbish as the clean-up began on Monday, too damaged to be salvaged.
15003	Most of the media were not so subtle.
15004	Most of them have air conditioning now for the summer.
15005	Most of the money intended to sustain his wife and eight children - should Mr Churcher die - was instead stolen by Kloogh, as he shuffled money between accounts to sustain the Ponzi scheme Breathe had become.
15006	Most of the money, nearly $93,000 was used for public health expenses – providing and updating telework capabilities for city staff to work from home; personal protection equipment costs; and providing paid sick and paid family and medical leave.
15007	Most of the neighbours are blue-collar types in modest homes.
15008	Most of the reductions would take place in the area of Dearborn, where Ford has its headquarters and large product development and engineering operations.
15009	"Most of the regrets are because I don't speak out about what I’m thinking.
15010	“Most of the residents in the northern part of the neighbourhood (Thirumullavoyal) are senior citizens.
15011	Most of these deaths occurred among nursing home residents.
15012	Most of these games are obviously being made with the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X in mind.
15013	Most of the "slow Saturdays" had decided to skip this trail.
15014	“Most of the things I had planned this summer didn t end up happening, but there is something I hadn t planned on that DID happen,” said the 30 year-old.
15015	Most of us know someone — a friend, a relative, a colleague or neighbor — who’s sick or died or who’s lost a job or who’s struggling to take care of both aging parents and young children while working from home.
15016	Most of us that drive are fully aware of what the roadway holds for us if we keep our eyes on the road; however, every now and then we are going to hit a pothole in the road that we did not see.
15017	“Most of us young people are working to be able to stay here, but the commission needs to do a better job of educating people about what it does, how it does it and how they can get involved,” he said.
15018	Most people in those days did not have any idea of what a disabled person was, before they visited the Sarawak Cheshire Home during the first Annual Open Day.
15019	Most people, roughly two-thirds, say Washington should get off the fence and spend big to help the economy, help millions of people who are struggling, even if that means taking on more national debt.
15020	Most people will be more than happy to throw away calendars from 2020 and hang a new docket on the wall.
15021	Most recently he had led the singing at Hartley Baptist Church from 1994 to 2001 and was a Children’s Choir Leader at First Baptist Church in Dumas.
15022	Most recently, Medlin has served as an interim administrator for Springfield Public Schools, including as co-deputy superintendent of academics.
15023	Most seniors are dependent on Medicare and Social Security.
15024	Most surveys show a majority of South Koreans support the U.S. military presence in South Korea as deterrence against potential North Korean aggression, but there is a small but determined anti-U.
15025	Most think mask requirements and other safety measures are necessary to restart in-person instruction, and roughly 3 in 10 say that teaching kids in classrooms shouldn’t happen at all.
15026	Most traffic creation applications require one to put yourself out there’ online if you would like it to operate — TraffixZ lets you profit undercover, 100 percent incognito.
15027	Most users working from home are only too aware of the importance of bandwidth and speed.
15028	Motegi said last Friday that Japan and Vietnam had agreed to ease travel restrictions “partially and gradually,” and that it “won’t take long” before travel between the two countries resumes.
15029	Mother and son return with them to London where The Savage is appalled by the emptiness of this supposed ‘brave new world’, which in its own subtle way is just as totalitarian and degrading as Orwell’s Big Brother.
15030	Mother-of-three Nigella says she is guilty of stockpiling due to her 'atavistic refugee mentality' - and hoards toilet rolls as she takes comfort in knowing she won't run out.
15031	Mother's tiny itchy birthmark on her palm turned out be SKIN.
15032	Moto G8 Power Lite Review: Best Phone Under Rs.
15033	MotoGP Spain takes place over the weekend of July 17-19.
15034	Motorists will be detoured to Madison Street and Coulter Street to avoid the work zone.
15035	Motorized wheelchairs are not vehicles.
15036	Motorola’s 5G phones exclusively use Snapdragon chipsets and have already launched with over 100 partners around the world.
15037	Mount Airy officials plan to extend the city’s greenway system there, which is related to the granting of the easement due to another effort under way involving such goals as water-quality protection, flood prevention and perpetuating wildlife habitats.
15038	Mourinho is particularly wary of winger Adama Traore.
15039	Mouton says this investigation is continuing.
15040	Move valuables to higher levels.
15041	Movies are $25 a car, and cars are kept about 10 feet apart.
15042	Movies like this function because the monster exists, not simply because people historically treat outsiders like stray dogs at best, vermin at worst.
15043	Movie theaters reopened as well, with one theater in Osaka putting up posters indicating that tickets will be sold with one empty seat in between and asking visitors to wear masks.
15044	Moving forward, communities that can demonstrate strong public health and health care systems, paired with low virus levels, can take on more control over their reopening plans.
15045	“Moving forward we will monitor all information from AFL Victoria, Netball Victoria and government agencies and will assess at key junctures as we approach our start dates.
15046	Moving on to his wife, Trump said her age meant she was in a low-risk category for the disease.
15047	Moving on to our second-most terrifying threat, which are data breaches for our audience.
15048	Mozaika also runs several initiatives that encourage Jews to embracre and express their heritage and identity.
15049	Mozart’s style is an amalgamation of genres from across Europe.
15050	MPs will be going back to the drawing board on how to conduct additional scrutiny into the government’s COVID-19 spending, allegations of conflicts of interest, and the WE Charity controversy.
15051	Mr Abbas has so far declined to comment on the allegations.
15052	Mr Akinbiyi said the accident, which occurred around 7:15am, involved a Mazda bus marked AKD 53 XN travelling from Ibadan to Lagos and a Ford bus marked RGB 490 XA travelling from Lagos to Ikire.
15053	Mr Amoako said as the Director of Finance, he had an oversight responsibility of the financial activities of corporate Head office, subsidiaries, divisions and units and this involves maintaining the financial records of COCOBOD.
15054	Mr. Anderson is now holding 500 packs of antibacterial wipes after Amazon blocked him from selling them for $19 each, up from $16 weeks earlier.
15055	Mr Andrews last week said the government was keen to get people safely back into offices as soon as possible, but the days of workers flocking into the city were over.
15056	Mr Applerh said this during the “Ballots without Bullets” campaign in the Jirapa Municipality of the Upper West Region.
15057	Mr. Biden has a fund-raising trip of his own to New York scheduled right after New Hampshire, including with some former top financiers for former opponents.
15058	Mr. Bloomberg is now pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into an effort to become the Democratic presidential nominee, an unprecedented self-financed campaign that the party’s top-polling candidates have mostly ignored.
15059	Mr Boyd said: ‘I understand there will be a Crown motion to adjourn the trial due to two of the Crown witnesses being in quarantine as a result of the coronavirus situation.’
15060	Mr. Buchanan says a scheduled meeting with the UHWI’s administration did not take place yesterday.
15061	Mr Carney has stressed all guidance is based on an "expectation not a promise", with interest rate decisions always data dependent.
15062	Mr. Carter’s views of the 2020 race are known in part.
15063	Mr Chang told PA: “A biohybrid robot is a perfect biology research tool to study bird flight.
15064	Mr Christopher alleged that Wright had also planted more contaminated baby food at another Tesco in Rochdale.
15065	Mr Clark believed the increase of "only 2%" in rates following the Covid-19 pandemic and the AA+ financial rating were good indicators of the council’s work.
15066	Mr Corbyn refused to say he would use – his possible protégé said: “If you have a deterrent you have to be prepared to use it.
15067	Mr Davis clearly isn't able to do the job, just an endless stream of failure and incompetence.
15068	Mr. Dibba is the Director for Water and is manging the water project with those big pipes everywhere.
15069	Mr. Doctor said he drew inspiration from the 1975 Bend in the River conference led by the author Ken Kesey (and his Merry Pranksters), a gathering of activists in Bend, Ore., who sought to shape what life would be like in the 21st century.
15070	Mr Dombo further said the returned funds will be handed over to the party headquarters.
15071	Mr Dunbar has accepted that he carried out the stabbing but told gardai that he has no memory of it.
15072	Mr Duncombe prepared a report and sent it up the line to Ms Skuta, the head of the corporation, in June 2017.
15073	Mr. Emdin is still paying salaries and even offered to put up some of his 33 employees in the hotel’s 38 rooms, most of which stand empty.
15074	Mr Flinder was joined in his views by Pia London, a 30-year-old tech entrepreneur from Camden, who said: 'I think it should have been brought in earlier, from the first release of lockdown.
15075	Mr Frydenberg said 58 per cent of new jobs in Australia have gone to women.
15076	Mr. Ghorayeb said the Ghanaian company remains one of the most awarded dealers and most reliable partners in the African market and as such the market should continuously trust Japan Motors for the quality Nissan.
15077	Mr Giadom took the centre stage in the drama at the NWC of the party when he declared himself the acting national chairman on Wednesday following the suspension of Adams Oshiomhole by the Court of Appeal.
15078	Mr Gove disputes this.
15079	Mr Hancock replied: “When Test and Trace contacts people to remind them to self-isolate, that is based on analysis we’ve done of what helps to ensure that people stay self-isolated.
15080	Mr. Hense said.
15081	Mr Ho's father, Stanley Ho, has been allegedly linked to organised crime and is banned from being an associate of Crown's Barangaroo casino.
15082	Mr Ho's father, Stanley Ho, has been allegedly linked to organised crime and is banned from being an associate of Crown's Barangaroo casino - though he has never been convicted and has always rejected such accusations.
15083	Mr Humm was delighted with the turnout.
15084	Mr. Johnson approached his wife’s car to inspect the damage, and the officers exited the patrol car with their weapons drawn.
15085	Mr. Kapoor’s arrest at the ED office in Ballard Estate followed over 20 hours of questioning by the central agency after it raided his residence on Friday night.
15086	Mr Leonard has already had some response to the Patreon sponsorship offer and has also had an approach from a local business.
15087	“Mr Malema said, 'No white man will stop me.'
15088	Mr. McConnell has called the measure “a straightforward piece of legislation to protect newborn babies.”
15089	Mr McGinley said: “We are disappointed that Cunard has not offered as much as a free drink to make up for the upset caused by this decision and no mention has been made with regards to some sort of compensation.
15090	Mr Michael Kabaziguruka (Nakawa Division, FDC) said he would return the money like he did with the age limit cash.
15091	Mr Mikuriya told reporters shortly after visiting the Tanzania Port Authority (TPA) that use of technology should be linked and integrated with the training of human resource and how to manage it.
15092	Mr. Modi greeting Mr. Trump and his wife, Melania, as they arrived in Ahmedabad on Monday.
15093	Mr. Monday Omo-Etan, a lecturer at Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-ife, Osun State, has been suspended and subsequently handed…
15094	Mr Morrison said the national cabinet was also briefed about the economic impact of the virus.
15095	Mr Murray said in a free country, people can protest, but in reality due to the coronavirus crisis “tonight we are not a free country”.
15096	Mr Namachila said the mob set ablaze a Toyota Corolla registration number ALJ 2153 the two victims were using, reducing it to ashes.
15097	Mr. Nelson and Mr. Thorson of Vinyl Taco some advice-- read the room.
15098	Mr Patrick Onyango, the Kampala Metropolitan police spokesperson, says the force has already concluded its investigations.
15099	Mr Percival never married, didn’t have any children and didn’t have any relatives who were able to attend the funeral ceremony.
15100	Mr. Pichai was repeatedly asked about Google’s dominance in search and how the company was potentially trying to keep users within “a walled garden.”
15101	Mr Pressman added that he had "put the interests of his country ahead of his own.
15102	Mr. Quitt, when asked if he was discouraged, was adamant: “Not.
15103	Mr. Ramachandran refused to recant his assertion that Mr. Vijayan harboured deep Hindu extremist views.
15104	Mr Robson wished not to divulge what happened out of respect for another officer involved in the arrest, which occurred near a group of children.
15105	Mr. Rosenstein was convinced that the evidence was compelling, perhaps even more so than in other sanctions-evasion cases in which the United States had charged banks, lawyers familiar with the investigation said.
15106	Mr Russell said we are in ‘uncharted territory’, adding: ‘Unfortunately, returning to what we regard as a normal life will not be possible in the near future so we need to prepare for a new normal until treatments and a vaccine offer different solutions.’
15107	Mrs. Ahmed said the committee will in the next couple of days, finalise its report and submit it to the president.
15108	Mr. Sanders had a nine-point lead over Mr. Trump in the state in a recent by Roanoke College.
15109	Mrs Berry, who received a CBE eight years ago for services to culinary arts, has written more than 70 cookbooks.
15110	Mrs. Biddescombe said, “With Covid, they had to take the vehicle off the road.
15111	Mr. Schiff later volunteered that neither he nor his colleagues had a position on the Democratic presidential primary.
15112	Mr. Schisgal dropped out of high school to volunteer for the Navy and was inducted soon after turning 17. While serving in the Pacific, he read everything he could.
15113	Mrs Ingram Woolf said: 'I was terrified when I was pregnant because I never believed that it was real and I always thought I would lose it again.
15114	Mrs. Lam denied that the decision had been influenced by political concerns.
15115	Mr Smith threatened to withhold hundreds of millions of pounds for struggling public services and force new elections if the parties refused to re-enter government.
15116	Mr. Starr, in response to my letter regarding free transit, I can only assume you misread it.
15117	Mr Stepanov has appealed to people to stick to rules aimed at curbing the spread of the virus.
15118	Mr Stewart, a former United Nations commander in Bosnia, said although he was “no NHS expert” he “had some experience of devising plans in my life”.
15119	Mr. Suede’s resignation “is a good first step,” HelenKay Dimon, a former R.W.A. president, said in an email.
15120	Mr Sutton-Mattocks said: "Did you feel you or Officer T or both of you were in imminent danger?"
15121	Mrs von der Layen said that bridging “big differences” particularly on fishing rights was going to be “very challenging”.
15122	Mrs Yvonne Atakorah Obuobisa, the Director for Public Prosecution (DPP), agreed with the defense that some of their documents were not legible.
15123	Mr Taylor does not have a direct or controlling interest in Jam Land.
15124	Mr. Trump currently leads by 379,639 votes and remains a toss-up in CBS News' projections.
15125	Mr Trump defeated then Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in Alaska in 2016 by 51 to 36 per cent, but Democrats had hoped to close the gap this year.
15126	Mr. Trump defended himself by denying that he had been briefed on the intelligence, expanding on a similar White House rebuttal a day earlier.
15127	Mr Trump has always been the more aggressive campaigner, but we expected Biden to pick it up eventually.
15128	Mr. Trump has called for the Federal Reserve to slash interest rates, though some economists caution that such a move may have a limited effect.
15129	Mr Trump has long been criticised for his 2015 campaign launch when he said of undocumented migrants from Mexico: "They're bringing drugs.
15130	Mr Trump in 2017 reportedly told former secretary of state : “It’s just so unfair that American companies aren’t allowed to pay bribes to get business overseas.
15131	Mr Trump’s decision to send forces to Portland and Chicago has been met with widespread resistance in both cities.
15132	Mr Trump’s properties in Florida and Las Vegas remain closed seemingly indefinitely as the President was forced to extend its lockdown to 30 April as cases of the novel coronavirus continue to soar across the US.
15133	Mr Trump’s speech came as climate activist told leaders they were not doing enough to tackle the climate emergency.
15134	Mr. Trump will have to give up on his map enumerating how many militants have been killed, switching to an approach heavier on economic power, using trade pacts and development aid to lure the Taliban to keep to a power-sharing deal.
15135	Mr Tuason said: 'I went to Kei to shoot leatherback turtles.
15136	Mr Vaz was chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee at the time - and the committee was looking at the issues of drug use and prostitution.
15137	Mr Vigna has filled out a form from the Argentinian embassy and is wait-listed for a flight.
15138	Mr. Walker was drafted on August 13, 1950, and began training at Ft.
15139	Mr Wedgwood said that in terms of current rent reviews he was not expecting any big swings either way.
15140	Mr. William D. Ezah, Project Manager at Medivent Consult revealed that the third edition of the marathon would see major improvements in cash prizes awarded as well as massive participation expected in this year's race.
15141	Mr Yaco, 23, was last seen on May 31, leaving Nukuni Village, to pick up a government worker from a picnic spot on the island.
15142	Mr Yeboa said construction of office spaces and residential accommodation to house government employees who would be posted to the directorate after it becomes operational, were on course.
15143	Mr. Young said measures such as wearing of masks in public places, observing social distance as well as regular washing of hands with soap are effective ways of protecting oneself especially people with underlining health conditions and the aged.
15144	Mr Zuckerberg defended his decision at a tense all-hands meeting with employees that week.
15145	Ms Andrews said the objective was to create "resilience" so Australia could adapt its manufacturing to create local products in a crisis.
15146	Ms. Ariyo said that she ran into the bathroom and found a mop and hit the man with it in self-defense, according to police.
15147	Ms. Barbara Mullins Totten departed this life on Tuesday, December 31, 2019.
15148	Ms Bruce sustained a broken wrist as a result.
15149	MSCI's all-country world index of stock performance in 49 nations touched an all-time high of 567.80 on December 27. It was last quoted at 565.46, off 0.41 per cent from that peak.
15150	Ms Cole said it was also important for the City to support local pubs, cafes and restaurants to safely re-open and adjust to the new restrictions around 20 people and the four-square-metre rule.
15151	Ms. Collins was born and raised in Dorchester.
15152	MSG also has contracts with federal agencies.
15153	Ms. Harris is certain to draw speculation as a potential running mate for Mr. Biden.
15154	Ms. Hughes said “the same can be said for the notion of closing the Indigenous infrastructure gap.
15155	Ms Jago said: 'The first person Elyse told was her mum.
15156	Ms Jiang, from San Francisco, added: 'When the mother laid down, an unexpected and surprising event happened in front of us - one cub climbed on the mother's back and rested there while its sibling rested next to its mother.'
15157	Ms. Kanjarbhat was then taken to Andheri police station along with the seized drugs and arrested after preliminary questioning.
15158	Ms Khan is slowly on the mend but says her previous conditions have worsened.
15159	Ms Liu – who was a multicultural adviser to former Victorian Liberal leader Ted Baillieu from 2007 until he resigned as premier in 2013 – said the Liberals would not have signed up to the agreement without federal government approval.
15160	Ms McEntee said a large part of the strategy, called Supporting A Victim’s Journey: A Plan to Help Victims and Vulnerable Witnesses in Sexual Violence Cases, will be around the education of those in the justice system.
15161	Ms Nguyen said she is unsure of whether she will even be able to keep her seat after being told by the airline that business class passengers would be prioritised.
15162	Ms Payne said Mitchell started ‘to dictate’ what she could wear, stopping her from wearing clothes or underwear she wore before they were together.
15163	Ms. Rahal prepared for the formal wear segment backstage.
15164	Ms. Rosin, a former member of the UCP’s ludicrous “Fair Deal” Panel, is not a complete stranger to controversy.
15165	Ms Sturgeon said this is the "closest to normality we can safely get to without more effective treatments or a vaccine"
15166	Ms Sullivan was initially hospitalised on 11 March after suffering a heart attack, and later tested positive for Covid-19.
15167	Ms Waldman, whose charity helps arts institutions around the country and has previously raised over £45 million to save works for the nation, also warned against the “quick fix” of selling treasures to cope with the crisis.
15168	Ms. Warren is battling to remain a Democratic front-runner ahead of the Iowa caucuses.
15169	Ms. Williams-Morris just peeks over now and again to help with any questions, and to make sure Calyah hasn’t switched the screen over to Minecraft.
15170	Ms Wilson pictured holding her granddaughter, Ivy.
15171	Mtambo made the call on Tuesday morning when he addressed the nation in Lilongwe.
15172	Mtawarira retired from international rugby following South Africa’s victorious campaign at the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan.
15173	Mthunzi said despite the court finding him guilty, he had done nothing wrong.
15174	MTS - Mobile TeleSystems OJSC published this content on and is solely responsible for the information contained therein.
15175	Mubaiwa is also required to hand over the title deeds of her parents’ house with the court, the document showed.
15176	Much of New Brunswick is under this weekend, with southern New Brunswick expected to face heavy rain and the northern and western parts of the province expected to be blanketed by snow.
15177	Much of the contemporary discussions on racial representation and minority empowerment have been focused on increased participation in politics, higher education, and the workforce.
15178	Much of the severe weather exited the region before noon and we were left with moderate to light showers for much of the day.
15179	Much parsing will be done of last month’s minutes to glean insights on future rate moves, and much will be made of the of the panel who rotated on this year.
15180	Much worse impairments of trust and increases in the emotional distance between Lebanese citizens and their banks, though, have been the result of the financial and economic crisis of 2019/2020.
15181	Mueller’s study evaluated herbicide solutions with varying source water pH levels.
15182	MU Extension: SDS appearing in Missouri soybean fields Keep records for future use.
15183	Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar, president-general of the Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), has declared that Ramadan will start on Friday.
15184	Mukairu has now scored two goals and recorded two assists in nine league appearances for Anderlecht since arriving on loan from Turkish club Antalyaspor in October.
15185	Mulan "has generated a lot of issues for us," a Disney executive admitted.
15186	Muldoon admits that he approved the police budget during the recently-passed fiscal year budget without really understanding it.
15187	Mullens was awful, i’m surprised they didnt pick on the other side on Isiah Johnson.
15188	Mulli Brothers Limited has reiterated the need for local businesses to form partnerships to excel in …
15189	Multiple county commissioners described any crackdown they could enact as a “patchwork.”
15190	Multiple defence sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, have previously confirmed that evidence exists of Australian soldiers assaulting or murdering unarmed or handcuffed detainees in Afghanistan between 2009 and 2012.
15191	Multiple members of the track team set lifetime personal records, an impressive feat, especially this early in the season.
15192	Multiple requests to the CDC for comment since Thursday were not answered before this story was published.
15193	Mumbai police in its remand application seeking further custody of Partho Dasgupta, the Mumbai police said Arnab Goswami had paid Dasgupta to rig the channel’s TRPs.
15194	Mumbai: Senior executive gets 3 yearsâ€™ jail for molesting teen actor on flight https://t.
15195	Municipal official, Matthew Shunmugam speaks to members.
15196	Munster Mostly cloudy with an increasing chance of showers.
15197	Murad Ali had a tourist visa for Dubai.
15198	Murphy says he will be there with University Hospital President and CEO Dr. Shereef Elnahal, New Jersey Commissioner of Health Judith Persichilli, and Rutgers New Jersey Medical School Dean Dr. Robert Johnson.
15199	Murray’s won three so he’d be the next guy.
15200	Musk receives no salary or cash bonus, only options that vest based on Tesla's market cap and milestones for revenue and profit growth.
15201	Musona has suffered a well-documented unhappy year-and-a-half at Belgian powerhouses Anderlecht‚ where the striker played just eight times and scored once since a transfer from KV Oostende in July 2018.
15202	Must be 18 years to register.
15203	Mutations are different in both size (from a single DNA building block, known as a “base pair,” to a large segment of chromosome) and effect.
15204	Mutati said he will also establish a public-private sector infrastructure fund to put a brake on debt accumulation and invest more sustainably to create jobs and wealth.
15205	Mutharika says he is “completely dismayed” by the alleged attempt.
15206	Müürsepp acknowledged that there has been no application made to the municipality to host the event.
15207	MVHS seniors l to r Kyla Bradshaw, Maddy Frederick and Bailee Andrew do a frisbee toss activity during the Senior Sunrise Breakfast held on Wednesday last week.
15208	Mweli also noted that grade 9 learners who are condoned, and who achieve less than 30% for mathematics, should still be allowed to take Mathematics in Grade 10.
15209	“Mwiimbu further angered the PF by refusing to accompany President Lungu to commission some houses for Zambia Correctional Officers.
15210	My 10-year-old daughter went 2-3 and caught me.
15211	My 8-year-old self would try to keep up, braids flying, as I watched our housekeeper’s shopping bags swing on her sturdy shoulders in a kaleidoscope of bright hues.
15212	“My ability to maintain personal relationships and solid bowel movements were compromised by crippling sleep deprivation and noxious coffee breath.”
15213	My act says what I learned in capitalism and I conveyed it in an artistic way,” says Baron.
15214	My advice to you is simple ‘ Get your head checked at Chainama’
15215	Myanmar’s fishery exports to China, which account for 60 percent of the country’s total fishery exports, have been halted by the coronavirus that first broke out in the Chinese city of Wuhan in December.
15216	Myanmar State Counselor and Foreign Minister Daw Aung San Suu Kyi and Japanese Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Motegi meet in Naypyitaw on Monday.
15217	My approach was to tell the whole story from beginning to end, so I approached it like I was making a film,” Sutherland mused.
15218	‘My babies are too young to read this now.
15219	My background was in sociology and criminology and, given my novice status in higher ed, I had no choice but to lean on my own educational foundations.
15220	My bet is they would NOT care.
15221	My biggest fear as a musician would probably be to get the opportunity to influence humanity through my art and use it negatively.
15222	My biggest fear is that Geno Atkins and Carlos Dunlap may show signs of aging in the next season.
15223	My Boys need to let him walk, trade for Cousins he’s a way better value.
15224	My brother died in April, in the early months of the pandemic, but that’s not when we lost him.
15225	My children live with an unconscious fear that they may not live out their natural lives.
15226	My co-founder, one of his relatives worked in that industry years ago, so we just started asking them for advice.
15227	“My colleague called me last night.
15228	My colleague Kashmir Hill reported that Detroit police officers a Michigan man, Robert Julian-Borchak Williams, for shoplifting early this year, based on flawed police work that relied on a faulty facial recognition match.
15229	“My colleagues and I are concerned.
15230	My comments re: Mylk Bar prompted this to taunt me with monkey emojis in my DMs.
15231	My dad taught me to appreciate intelligent lyrics.
15232	“My dad used to say to me the ultimate measure of a human being is not where one stands in times of comfort and convenience but where one stands in times of challenge and controversy,” King III said.
15233	My dad would leave Park Rapids with a load of freight.
15234	"My daughter said everyone has a man - a son, boyfriend, husband, father.
15235	My Day 1 Broncos NFL Draft BoardWe’re finally here.
15236	My depiction of the California flag is more a symbol of hope that these protests succeed than a depiction of today’s reality.
15237	"My design enables you to rest comfortably while sitting up on a plane or in a car."
15238	My dreams stain my day, though it’s not all bad.
15239	My e-leaflet Best Positions For Sex explains how to ring the changes when you need to refresh your approach.
15240	My english teacher who was always drunk.
15241	Myers said she often feels “invisible” and doesn’t know anyone else like her.
15242	My experience is not unique.
15243	My family played no role,” he said.
15244	My father then gave me a set of prayers — his “Oraciones” — that will keep me safe.
15245	My fear of having a young person in school who’s dealing with something, and hasn’t got somebody to talk to, will make me work really bloody hard to give everybody somebody to talk to.”
15246	“My fervent prayer for you is to continue to get good health and may Almighty Allah also strengthen you and grant you more blessed years to continue to reap the reward of your hard work,” he said.
15247	My Flower’s going to be a princess!
15248	My generation has opened doors with dignity, courage, and determination.
15249	My glasses fog up.
15250	My grandmother always tell me that no matter how big they are, they can be brought down to size,” she told The Gleaner moments after winning.
15251	My grandmother had this tradition that when you turned the same age as the calendar date you were born on, she would bring you somewhere you wanted to go.
15252	“My grandmother is responsible for instilling in me the desire to give and to be of service,” says Sandy Mailliard.
15253	My guess is if the illness was HIV, diabetes or asthma, the answer would be to ensure the child is allowed to take their medication and attend doctor’s appointments.
15254	"My head hurt so bad I thought it was going to bust," Vern wrote in a letter to his future wife.
15255	“My heart jumped,” Cawley said.
15256	"My hierarchy has acknowledged my hard work.
15257	My hope was that the excursion might at least be fodder enough for a funny column.
15258	“My husband and I had been in high spirits on the hour-long drive from Louisville, listening to music and pointing out bands of deer grazing in the fields on either side of the highway.
15259	"My husband and I were in line.
15260	My husband felt that we were in danger and acted out of genuine concern for our well being."
15261	'My inkling is that footballers will take pay cuts, they will help out in communities, they will make donations in whatever way they can, and I think we need to be a little bit patient with them.'
15262	“My intention was to always be a part of the larger world,” said Twain, who has been working this year on writing new music for her next album, as well as curating her own Apple Music radio station.
15263	"My Italian friends looked at me oddly.
15264	My job has changed due to coronavirus.
15265	Myk, who was skilled in tracking and search and rescue, worked his final patrol shift Friday with his partner, Deputy Mark Bellacero.
15266	My landlord wife and kids stay abroad.
15267	My latest book is STAND OUT: How to Build Your Leadership Presence, and I am the creator of "Body Language for Leaders," LinkedIn Learning's best-selling video course.
15268	My lungs felt horrible after the practice but once I went out and practised outside it was quite OK," he said.
15269	"My message to anyone living with HIV who is facing discrimination is to challenge it and you can win."
15270	'My mind was blowing up at the moment, but I'm living here very close to him.
15271	My mom couldn’t understand why we unable to be closer as we are a very affectionate family.
15272	"My mom had stated her extreme fear and concern for him before this occurred," Michelle told CBS News Detroit in 2018.
15273	My mother, a Greek woman, was only 18 years old, unmarried and pregnant to a Chinese man.
15274	My mother’s death destroyed him.
15275	My mum is a little on the dark side.
15276	My neighbors are amazing.
15277	My oldest sister and I would read it aloud to each other and howl.
15278	My parents had a small farm on a peninsula formed by the Kentucky River, and people would dump dogs out there all the time.
15279	My parents would have left Thursday for a cruise if it hadn't been canceled yesterday.
15280	My personal aesthetic highlight, though, were the maps: Their details, and particularly the fact that we get proper player-friendly maps?
15281	My personal passion for radio, as well as the passion of our staff, drives us to maintain a high level of quality in everything we do.
15282	My prayer is that God will continue to take him higher and higher in Jesus Name.”
15283	‘My preference is that we work together as one country,' he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
15284	MYRE: Well, that's what's being reported.
15285	“My right knee has been bothering me for a little while,” Federer wrote.
15286	MySejahtera said everything is based on facts and science, and as such, the above-mentioned malls were not the source or the potential source of Covid-19 infection.
15287	“My sisters and brothers live here, so I have been paying attention to the school system and what has been happening in Troup County,” Phillips said.
15288	My sister, their aunt, has always given the twins a single present each as a joint birthday-Christmas gift, and I’ve never thought much of it.
15289	My son has left us in his prime.
15290	My sons know these names because they have all been added to our “Talk” about being Black in America.
15291	“My son was 5 years old when I went to the farming training, but I needed to attend every day,” she said.
15292	My speeding happened on a sunny, quiet Sunday morning over the summer, heading back to from the South coast.
15293	“My staff who I’ve worked with in-person this week have received negative tests as well.”
15294	My standout moments to date have been: "I think Rolling Loud in New York.
15295	Mystic Sense makes five minutes of your first session free.
15296	My success is not something coincidental”-Lil Tjay on “Losses”
15297	"My thanks go to all of them, to Waikato Hospital's ICU team and the Waikato helicopter that took over at Taupō Hospital from the Tūrangi helicopter team with me on a ventilator.
15298	My thoughts and prayers are with the bereaved families.
15299	My time as a VISTA was many things—awakening, grueling, joyful, dark, life altering—but I do not believe anymore that it was “service,” meaning work done for others, or acts contributing to the public good.
15300	“My understanding is there was an element of counselling and some supports that were available (to the girl), so we need to look at if that was appropriate.
15301	My Viv is a new line of sexual wellbeing products by Ann Summers, including dilators, lubricants and vaginal moisturisers.
15302	My vpn clearly has the intended effect of not disclosing my location for security purposes and to avoid hacking I guess the purpose is being achieved seeing from your belief that I am based in London.
15303	My whole brain went blank.
15304	My wife and I are both aged 72, retired, with a reasonable amount in super.
15305	… My wife came out and checked on me.
15306	My wife, Gena, and I concur with our great Texas Gov. Gregg Abbott, who called the shooting exactly what it was: an "evil act of violence."
15307	My wife's family owned and operated a curbside restaurant in Cebu, Philippines.
15308	My wife started reading it to and she loves it also.
15309	My work as a Lawyer is also important because that is what sustains my livelihood.
15310	Mzembi has resurfaced with an announcement he was leading the so-christened People's Party (PP) with aides calling on the current administration to step down to allow Zimbabweans a fresh democratic start.
15311	MZ: From clients to media you have to keep people happy on both sides, whilst maintaining both image and relationship?
15312	N95 masks, in short supply, are only worn for certain procedures.
15313	Nadal said he would prefer not to travel to the New York tournament during the coronavirus pandemic.
15314	Nadia Whittome, MP for East, had been working at Lark Hill retirement village after she chose to return to work to help with the crisis.
15315	“NAESP’s National Distinguished Principals program recognizes the outstanding leadership of highly successful principals and is a heartfelt ‘thank you’ to outstanding school leaders.”
15316	NAFC currently rents large waterbombing aircraft from the northern hemisphere but the royal commission found this was no longer sustainable because climate change had extended fire seasons, which now overlapped on both sides of the world.
15317	"Nah, I'm good.
15318	Nah, we did that last time!
15319	Nailing down the tech is a large part of it.
15320	Naira Marley tells ExecuJets: ‘I won’t be using your useless airline again’
15321	Nairobi County Assembly Speaker Beatrice Elachi has accused Governor Mike Sonko of being behind the latest push by MCAs to remove her from office.
15322	Namibia has made bold decisions, including when the ruling political party introduced a gender quota, which has now become the norm in national politics, resulting in 47 per cent women representation in the national parliament.
15323	Namor has often been described as Marvel's first mutant.
15324	Nana is suffering a horrible nightmare showing her a dark creature destroying Licht with gravity-like powers.
15325	NAN also reports that while 100 households each benefitted from the palliatives in Kauya and Barakallahu, 50 households benefitted in Kirama.
15326	Nancy Pelosi called President Trump 'morbidly obese.'
15327	Nancy Pelosi says Donald Trump should accept the election results “like a man” rather than try and undermine the democratic process.
15328	Napoli, his former Italian club team, said in a statement, “We feel like a boxer who has been knocked out.”
15329	Narcis-Scope, who played a role in observing the disputed elections in Guyana in March, said she understood what international observers bring in terms of the credibility and “the stamp of approval they can put on your elections.
15330	Narrating the ordeal to B-Metro, the victim’s relative who cannot be named to protect her (victim) identity said the woman met her fate when she boarded a silver-grey Honda Fit from town to Luveve suburb.
15331	Narratively, the movie is at its strongest when it focuses on its coming of age themes about friendship, black masculine identity, and first-love in the early going (with the ongoing gang wars unfolding in the background).
15332	NASA has plans for a future mission which could bring these samples back to Earth.
15333	NASA is currently planning a mission to visit 16 Psyche that will leave in 2022 and arrive in 2026, reported.
15334	NASA starts building its spacecraft which will explore a metal-rich asteroid 'worth more than $10,000.
15335	NASA used Lansangan’s composition, aptly titled “A Song About Space,”across its various social media platforms to promote a major upcoming event, “Launch America.”
15336	NASCAR had a successful launch of its iRacing series last Sunday, and it was the most-watched televised esports event ever with more than 900,000 viewers.
15337	NASCAR hasn’t raced since March 8 so Wednesday night events at Darlington and Charlotte are the only way to cram in some of the missed events.
15338	NASCAR’s hope to capitalize on being about the only major sport to run live every week with sports on pause in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic has been besieged by weather issues.
15339	“Nasty, I guess, is the bad part, the ugly part.
15340	Natalie then returned the engagement ring Mike had given her that had once belonged to his mother.
15341	Nathan Buckley's side was efficient with the ball and did a good job at keeping it out of the hands of West Coast's intercept markers in their elimination final upset.
15342	Nathan Chrismon (South Rowan) went 2-for-3 with a run scored and a stolen base.
15343	Nathan Davis, the party’s communications director, says the party is working on getting candidates in place and hopes to run a full slate of 49.
15344	Nath, incidentally, still has hopes of returning as chief minister if the Congress wins 18 out of the 24 by-elections in the state.
15345	National Conference president Dr Farooq Abdullah adresses the press after an all-party meeting at his residence on August 20, 2020.
15346	National delivery across the UK is priced at £9.95 and will be shipped on December 21.
15347	National Geographic also named it the happiest city in the US.
15348	National Hurricane Center's 10 am track shows Laura hitting the coast as a Category 2 hurricane on early Thursday.
15349	Nationalism is deeply unpalateable to Liberals but all of us have effectively been forced to align ourselves with a form of nationalism (Scottish or British).
15350	“National leadership of AAP deliberately crippled the party in Kerala and did great disservice to right of people to enjoy benefit of alternative politics.
15351	Nationally, Rivals ranks Gosnell as the fifth-best tight end in his class and 239th regardless of position.
15352	Nationwide, an estimated 41% of school districts need to update or replace their heating, ventilation and cooling systems in at least half their schools, according to a federal report.
15353	Natixis now owns 650,687 shares of the data storage provider’s stock worth $28,526,000 after acquiring an additional 523,237 shares during the period.
15354	Nattiv deftly uses imagery, sound and colour to set the tone for unbridled mayhem, but not before presenting the fatherly affection that Fred ‘Hammer’ Krager, a white supremacist, shares with his son Troy.
15355	Natural gas prices ended the session unchanged after the EIA reported a rise in storage inventories last week that matched the average of forecasts in a WSJ survey of 12 traders and analysts.
15356	Naturally, I was concerned that intermittent fasting wouldn't be a good fit, but I decided to give it a try.
15357	“Naturally, most of the oil that we need will be received from Russia because logistics is convenient and because Belarusian oil refineries have the technical capacity to refine Urals oil.
15358	Naturally, there is still no clear answer to who will be the team’s next swing tackle.
15359	Naturally, there was a huge backlash when this mini-game was discovered, but it did go down in video-game history.
15360	Naturally, your plan is to keep stalling.
15361	Nau will take place at St Francis Bay renown surfing spot, ‘ Bruce’s’ which is currently also the venue of the popular local coffee bar.
15362	Navigator has a 1 year low of $9.08 and a 1 year high of $13.99.
15363	Nayeri added that while he has “many flaws, wanting to hurt someone is not one of them.
15364	NBA Commissioner Adam Silver speaks to the media during a press conference at the United Center on February 15, 2020, in Chicago, Illinois.
15365	NBC anchor Cheryl Preheim recently shared a video of what she thought was a base for starring Chris Pratt.
15366	NBCC’s resolution plan was approved by the committee of creditors (CoC) with 97.36 per cent votes in favour.
15367	NBC News’ Decision 2020 election hub (NBCNews.com/Decision2020) will have the latest news, analysis, polls and results.
15368	NCDC, however, said that it remainedcommitted to supporting all states in the countryto test, trace and isolate.
15369	NCDC stated: “On 1st, 2nd and 8th of November, clusters of cases and deaths were reported to NCDC by the State Epidemiologists of Delta, Enugu and Bauchi States respectively.
15370	NCDOT will hire professionals to appraise the properties so the right-of-way agents can make them an offer.
15371	“Ndakanzwa nekuchinjirwa madates in South Africa zvekuti izvezvi ndakapihwa date remuna October saka ndaona kuti ndidzokere kuno,” said Lisa.
15372	Ndidi and Mimisen are good and can hold their own against the best in the world.
15373	Ndu decried that many government organizations, private organizations as well as well meaning individuals had rendered skill empowerment programmes yearly but the desired effect was yet to be felt.
15374	Neal said he’s also concerned that staff, many of whom are low paid and lack the luxury of social distancing in their own living situations, are proving to be a vulnerability in the chain of transmission.
15375	Nearby, Albert Thigpen, chair of the Port Arthur Complete Count Committee, spoke about the push to get Port Arthur households to complete the 2020 Census.
15376	Nearly 46,000 city residents have tested positive for COVID-19.
15377	Nearly 80% of the markets are in the red zones and 15% in orange zones as of now, Bindra said.
15378	Nearly eight Moroccan households out of 10 (79%) reported they fully respected the lockdown regulations and 21% said they respected them partially.
15379	Nearly every country around the globe has reported cases of Covid-19 infection, with frantic efforts to contain the disease prompting the near-total shutdown of some of the world’s biggest cities.
15380	Nearly every step of this mission saw a major flaw at one point, Wolverine even had to execute a version of himself to avoid a paradox.
15381	Nearly four years later the New York Appeals Court accepted the arguments of the Board of Health that they had not “exceeded their authority”.
15382	Nearly half of Tory members believe Islam is a “a threat to the British way of life”, according to a poll which anti-racism campaigners said showed the Conservative Party must face up to “widespread anti-Muslim prejudice in its ranks".
15383	Nearly seven in 10 Manitobans are self-isolating and only leaving their homes for necessities, though just over 60 per cent admit to stocking up on food and other items.
15384	Nearly the same thing happened again on Tuesday when a different solo camper was overwhelmed by wet and cold conditions and used the same kind of Garmin SOS device, from the same outfitter, to call for help.
15385	Near on sixty years ago I joined a radical party with a social conscience.
15386	Neat waterways and careful property development make for an interesting residential area.
15387	Necco Wafers are about to make a sweet comeback after a two-year absence.
15388	Need for joy, serenity, confidence, inspirational, personal image of presidency — strong, compassionate, competent, bold — joy in job.
15389	Needless to say, Shoto is still reeling from finding out the truth about his family and is getting angrier by the second, as he pieces recent history together - like the Nomu attack on Endeavor that almost killed his third son, Natsu.
15390	Needless to say, we a lot of questions about this, including how quickly we will find out what happened after Laurel woke up?
15391	Neetu took to Instagram in the wee hours of Monday, where she shared the nostalgic snapshot, where the family strikes a smiling pose for the camera.
15392	“NEH is pleased to provide $40 million to preserve thousands of jobs at museums, archives, historic sites, and colleges and universities that are vital to our nation’s cultural life and economy.”
15393	Neighborhoods where people can afford cruises and fly to China are being hit hard.
15394	Neighborhood Watch should be dismantled because it is doing the opposite of what it is defined to be in local communities across the country.
15395	Neighbors to General Iron’s Lincoln Park location have complained for years about the dust, smell and noise from the operation.
15396	Neighbor: "Well, I'm trying to get it from my neighbor, she says she has it on the camera from the back and you can see everything straight."
15397	Neighbours, friends and complete strangers have offered us help.
15398	Neighbours spoke of one woman who woke up to the flames and ran from house-to-house, hammering on front doors to wake people up.
15399	Neil Gaiman’s The Ocean at the End of the Lane will transfer to the Duke of York’s Theatre, and a new play written and directed by Nadia Fall will open at the Theatre Royal Stratford East, before transferring to the National in May next year.
15400	Neiman declined to comment.
15401	Neither are run-of-the-mill cameos but are integral to the plot and carry the narrative forward,” the source revealed to Mumbai Mirror.
15402	Neither candidate has reached the 270 Electoral College votes needed to win the White House.
15403	Neither changed my mind about the other.
15404	Neither coach could afford another slip-up either after a bumpy few weeks.
15405	Neither had kids.
15406	Neither is there information on whether their teaching activities, and those they teach, are part of their “intelligence focused” remit.
15407	Neither the NSW state government or the federal immigration authorities want to take responsibility for the potentially disastrous oversight.
15408	Neither Trump Nor Biden Drink AlcoholSpirits may be low around the country, but don’t expect them to be raised in the White House after the election; neither President Trump nor Joseph R. Biden.
15409	Nelson Mandela shaped a better world through his own initiative, formed and joined many organisations and alliances during his lifetime, and continues to be a symbol of the power that one individual has to make a difference.
15410	Neo (NEO) traded 1.4% higher against the dollar and now trades at $15.80 or 0.00097930 BTC.
15411	Neo (NEO) traded 4.1% higher against the dollar and now trades at $9.67 or 0.00119111 BTC.
15412	Nephros ultrafilters are also used in dialysis centers to aid in the removal of endotoxins and other biological contaminants from water and bicarbonate concentrate in hemodialysis machines.
15413	Nesiba said he’d like to see voters be allowed to sign an affidavit declaring their identity for absentee voting rather than submitting a copy of an ID.
15414	NESN’s upcoming week of programming initiatives will include daily iconic Boston Red Sox and Boston Bruins games and daily programming of “NESN After Hours,” “Dining Playbook” and “Charlie Moore Outdoors.”
15415	NES school counselor Kristen Kron, and local therapist and social worker Carrie Evans, summarized how to “discipline” and redirect children so that they develop strong social emotional skills.
15416	Nesta Cooper hasn’t really talked about her family a lot, nor where they come from, and we also don’t know if she has any siblings, or is she a single child.
15417	Nestlé is no exception.
15418	Netanyahu’s critics have accused him of seeking to hold on to power and refusing to compromise in order to try to save himself from looming prosecution in three criminal cases.
15419	Netanyahu's opponents likely consider this testimony straight from Netanyahu’s house symbolic of the prime minister’s total detachment from reality.
15420	Netanyahu’s principal domestic political rival, Gantz, a centrist former general, last week lifted his objection to having the peace plan published before Israel’s March election.
15421	Netbox Coin (NBX) traded 1.5% higher against the dollar and now trades at $0.0608 or 0.00000668 BTC.
15422	Netflix is adapting Katie Cappiello’s hit 2013 play into a drama with a new name.
15423	Netflix makes changes to "Cuties" following petitionNetflix also changed he description of the movie, which once said it was about an 11-year-old fascinated with a "twerking dance crew."
15424	Netflix promises that Seinfeld will be dishing out “sharp angles on everyday life, uncovering comedy in the commonplace,” which sounds like the kind of thing Jerry Seinfeld do.
15425	Netflix released the official trailer on Tuesday for “Killer Inside: The Mind of Aaron Hernandez.”
15426	Netflix's new zombie apocalypse series, the "Z-Nation" prequel "Black Summer," is premiering Thursday, and what better way to welcome it than to rank other "undead" TV shows of the last few years from worst to best.
15427	NE: The first step is to ensure endpoint protection on the engineers' computers, because whatever code is used will be executed on one.
15428	Netizens flood social media with jokes and memes as the storm landed near North Carolina.
15429	Netizens slammed the actions of the administration, accusing the Trump administration of having “no sense of responsibility, or duty of care”.
15430	Net NPA has come down sequentially from 3.54% to 3.50% and gross NPA at 7.2% was maintained at the same level,” Chunduru said.
15431	Net sales prices, after adjusting for seller paid closing costs, have remained near 95% of original list prices.
15432	Net tax revenue in the 11 months of the last fiscal year was 74.1 per cent of the budgeted estimate, according to figures from the Controller General of Accounts.
15433	Neumann walked away with nearly $2 billion.
15434	Neutralize her right after and objective complete.
15435	Nevada Attorney General Aaron Ford on CBS responding to Trump campaign: “This six-page complaint that they filed late last night is, in a word, garbage.”
15436	Nevada had 379 new cases on Monday, the most in a single day to date, but then eclipsed that mark on Friday with 410 cases.
15437	Nevada’s reopening plan, "Roadmap to Recovery," will consist of phases.
15438	Nevada strongly discourages travel to the state by those who have tested positive for COVID-19 and have not yet recovered, those who have been presumptively diagnosed with COVID-19, and those who are exhibiting COVID-19 symptoms.
15439	Nevada, which has six electoral votes, is among the states Democrat Hillary Clinton won in 2016 that hasn’t yet been called.
15440	Nevada will remain in Phase Two of the state’s reopening plan through July.
15441	Never have interest of their folks in mind!
15442	Never saw this coming in those early minutes.
15443	Nevertheless, a six-week Bible study class he offered his parishioners helped to make up his mind.
15444	"Nevertheless, as suggested by the downward trend in business sentiment, industrial production and exports are likely to stagnate in 2020.
15445	Nevertheless, Georgia's Republican Secretary of State and Governor held their constitutional ground, upholding the state's election laws despite having themselves supported Trump.
15446	Nevertheless, in absolute terms, three billion dollars is still a significant sum—and the Sacklers have made it clear that they are prepared to pay it only in the event that they are granted a release from future liability.
15447	Nevertheless, the American people deserve some degree of constancy, or at least explanation, for Mr. Trump’s – or any other president’s – sanctions imposition and justifications.
15448	Nevertheless, there are still plenty rank-and-file Republicans whom Trump can count on their loyal support along with other big names in the GOP who seem happy to support Trump no matter what.
15449	Nevertheless, the very fact remains that few states have acquired nuclear weapons for deterrence, which this treaty deems as an illegal option.
15450	New Brunswickers who have travelled to the Campbellton area or been in close contact with anyone from the area should monitor for symptoms for 14 days, Russell said.
15451	New cameras sponsored by an anonymous donor.
15452	New capabilities in the works range from code scanning to workflow and security enhancements.
15453	New clashes have broken out between Azerbaijan and ethnic Armenian forces over Nagorno-Karabakh a day after talks in Washington to try to end the deadliest fighting in the mountain enclave in more than a quarter of a century.
15454	Newcomer employees from overseas are a large part of its base as well as providing information about the region.
15455	New competitors, new threats and new opportunities are emerging every day.
15456	New Delhi, Nov 4 : A court appointed committee has informed the Delhi High Court that deliberations are underway for preparing an action plan for strict enforcement of the Delhi Private Placement Agencies (Regulation) Order, 2014.
15457	New Delhi says its troops are stationed to quell the armed rebellion, which erupted in 1989.
15458	New Dover Capital Corp. manufactures and sells custom V-twin motorcycles.
15459	New e-commerce platforms for local producers would assist in marketing the new goods and services.
15460	New episodes of air Tuesdays at 8pm on MTV.
15461	New event director for the Tour Durban, Alec Lenferna, told Northglen News he was hopeful that work to repair the damaged section of the M4 would be completed before the event.
15462	Newfoundland and Labrador: 135 confirmed (including 4 resolved).
15463	Newfoundland and Labrador is reporting one new case of COVID-19 today.
15464	New funding was unveiled in within the $50 million earmarked for homelessness initiatives over the next three years.
15465	New Hampshire's Republican Gov. Chris Sununu has requested an extension of the federal deployment until Sept. 30, while Colorado officials asked for support through the end of the year.
15466	New hotel owners PM Hotels-Buccini/Pollin Group plan to give the space a makeover and reopen it as a French-inspired dining spot.
15467	New international dramas for 2021 include the true crime event series The Pembrokeshire Murders, detailing the cold-case pursuit of the most notorious serial killer in Welsh history.
15468	New Jersey Assembly Environment and Solid Waste Committee advanced A2371.
15469	New Jersey Congressman Andy Kim says he has some concerns after the strike.
15470	New legislation in the area of administration of justice, in the settling of disputes outside the court system, in terms of food security, the environment, new legislation to deal with social issues.”
15471	Newly reported cases in this area in the 24-hour period include 10 each in Nobles and Rock counties, nine in Pipestone County, seven in Murray County, four in Cottonwood County and three in Jackson County.
15472	Newly restored, Roger Corman’s riotously colorful adaptation of Edgar Allan Poe’s “The Masque of the Red Death” (1964) and Michael Curtiz’s shimmering pink-and-green “Mystery of the Wax Museum” (1933) are as gaudy as the day they opened — if not as scary.
15473	Newly standard active safety tech addresses a major deficit for the 2020 Toyota 4Runner.
15474	Newman lost his Brisbane seat of Ashgrove.
15475	New measurements show moon has hazardous…
15476	New Mexico, (Arizona, Texas, Utah) and Oklahoma are playing, why is it that only Albuquerque Public Schools are so behind the rest of the world?
15477	New Mexico Educational Retirement Board boosted its stake in shares of Devon Energy by 7.0% in the second quarter.
15478	New mother Sophia Turkson brought her baby for the tenth-day review at the Greater Accra Regional Hospital.
15479	New music is expected from the Doncaster-raised rising star - real name Dominic Harrison - in 2020.
15480	New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu’s crusade against monuments began with Robert E. Lee and Pierre G.T. Beauregard.
15481	New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees should post elite QB1 numbers to start the 2020 fantasy football season based on an easy schedule.
15482	New post: "Norwayâ€™s Oil Fund Loses $21 Billion In First Half Of 2020" https://t.
15483	» New regulations issued by the Trump administration will ban most flavored e-cigarettes and vapes.
15484	New Richmond point guard Barb Kling (10) looks to get the ball ahead in transition to Leah DeYoung (22) during the second half of Thursday's 62-51 loss to Prescott.
15485	NEW ROCHELLE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) – The effects of the pandemic have touched all our lives over the past 70 days, and now the lawyer famous as “patient zero” and his community are looking to the future.
15486	NewsChannel 13 cameras saw six search and rescue boats concentrated on one area near Plum Point.
15487	News of Speers' involvement in the deal came as a huge relief to Lynn de Freitas, executive director of Friends of Great Salt Lake who has long feared that Fremont Island’s ecological values were at risk under its prior ownership.
15488	Newsom framed the new law as offering formerly incarcerated people a “second chance”.
15489	Newsom said many of the outbreaks in Central California are coming from essential workplaces, including packing plants, corrections facilities and nursing homes.
15490	Newsom told a reporter last month that his kids were transitioning to a “phased-in approach” to in-person learning at the time.
15491	New South Wales Environment Minister Matt Kean told The Daily Mail that the wallabies tend to survive the fire, but then are left stranded once the fire destroys natural vegetation in their habitat.
15492	New South Wales Health confirmed six new cases of COVID-19 had been linked to the club after a father and son dined at the bistro while infectious on July 13.
15493	New South Wales (NSW), the country’s most populous state, remains the epicenter of the disease in Australia, accounting for almost half of the nation’s confirmed cases, which now exceed 4,500.
15494	New staff positions include expanded hours for temporary downtown beautification employees, an additional temporary winter control position, and new jobs in the planning and technology services departments.
15495	New technologies are a major component of the defense strategy’s emphasis on great power competition with China and Russia.
15496	New timely teen drama series—based on the 1994 TV series of the same name—follows a group of siblings () struggling to survive as a family unit after their parents are suddenly deported back to Mexico (9 p.m., Freeform).
15497	New to me, never knew fans could boo their own.
15498	Newton said Michel has had “fresh legs” in practice.
15499	New unwrapped toys and monetary donations will be accepted.
15500	NEW YORK (77 WABC) — Los Angeles is on the verge of another shutdown as coronavirus cases continue to jump.
15501	NEW YORK (AP) — A Navy hospital ship with 1,000 beds arrived Monday in New York City as the number of deaths in the state from the outbreak climbed quickly.
15502	NEW YORK (AP) — The New England Patriots have been fined $1.1 million by the NFL for inappropriately filming the Cincinnati Bengals’ sideline during a game last season.
15503	NEW YORK (AP) — They are circling each other like wary boxers, with taunts on Twitter, snarky asides and belittling descriptions.
15504	New York (AP) — When Chelsea Handler decided to pursue therapy, the comic may not have realized the level of introspection she’d encounter.
15505	NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Homeless men currently housed at the are making an effort to stay in the neighborhood as they wait for a judge to decide whether or not they must move, again.
15506	NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) said Wednesday he is ordering playgrounds in New York City to be closed as the number of cases continues to climb.
15507	New York City is the last part of the state to enter the final phase of reopening — a feat Mr. Cuomo described as “a hallmark.”
15508	NEW YORK CITY (JTA) –Jewish billionaire philanthropist George Soros, who was targeted by the Hungarian government in what some called an anti-Semitic campaign, has donated $1.1 million to help Budapest prepare for the coronavirus pandemic.
15509	New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio asked the federal government to deliver 400 more ventilators and warned that the city will run out of masks, gowns and other supplies in a week if they don't get reinforcements.
15510	New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio says he's delaying the planned resumption of indoor dining at restaurants in the city out of fear it would ignite a spike in coronavirus infections.
15511	New York City, which as of mid-June accounted for almost a fifth of recorded U.S. COVID-19 deaths, reports that Black and Latino residents are perishing at age-adjusted rates at least twice that of their White counterparts.
15512	New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat, said Thursday the ruling was “more illustrative of the Supreme Court than anything else” and “irrelevant from any practical impact” given that the restrictions have already been removed.
15513	New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced that restaurants in America’s largest city will once again be allowed to serve… https://t.
15514	New York has converted on 19.7% of power-play opportunities, recording 24 power-play goals.
15515	New York now has more than 400 cases of the virus.
15516	NEW YORK — Presidential politics move fast.
15517	New York prosecutors say Maxwell, 58, lied under oath about ‘her role in facilitating the abuse of minor victims by Jeffrey Epstein’.
15518	New York's is equal to Canada.
15519	New York State Common Retirement Fund grew its position in shares of Datadog by 388.9% in the first quarter.
15520	New York state government plans to provide nearly $2 million for the facility.
15521	New York state is launching a program in collaboration with six neighboring states to purchase medical supplies to combat COVID-19, Cuomo said Sunday.
15522	NEW YORK — Stocks around the world are tumbling Wednesday on worries the worsening pandemic will mean more restrictions on businesses and drag down the economy.
15523	New York Weather: Rain On The WayCBS2's Elise Finch has the latest weather forecast.
15524	"New Zealand relies on natural gas to power our industries and keep electricity prices down, but there is now real pressure on our long-term supply," says PEPANZ Chief Executive John Carnegie.
15525	NewZimbabwe.com visited Solusi and Khami areas and saw hundreds of people, mainly women indiscriminately harvesting the amacimbi.
15526	Next came a few lyrics.
15527	Next door, Vermont seems quite different.
15528	NexTier Oilfield Solutions (NYSE:NEX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 5th.
15529	Next quarter saw a ~40% stake increase at prices between $80 and $118.
15530	Next, the council will consider and possibly approve a resolution to amend the Fiscal Year Budget for 2020-2021.
15531	Next time Vista voters elect City Council members only half of the electorate will get to weigh in.
15532	Next to him, Fegebank is essentially the personification of that aspiration.
15533	Next up, after imagining that Bloomberg was secretly reminiscing about his city’s stop-and-frisk policing policies like a gangster keeping it real, Desus joked that Warren was “coming with that strong teacher who cares vibe.
15534	Next up on is the digital premiere of Paul Curran's production of Verdi's classic tragedy, "La traviata" from Opera Philadelphia’s 2015 season.
15535	Next up, was Alexa Lauenburger and Marc Spelmann.
15536	Next week, a new version of the show will begin airing for an audience that, less than a decade ago, didn’t exist: children displaced by the war in Syria and their neighbors in the communities where many of the refugees have fled or sought asylum.
15537	Next week, Wisconsin could be battling it out with the Southeast for the nation’s hottest feels-like temperature – which factors in humidity – with heat indices pushing past 100, Rosencrans said.
15538	Next year will be the most impactful construction period.
15539	Nguma said the result was a collation of the direct primary election held in all the wards within the six council areas in the senatorial district.
15540	Nguyen takes a bus to the cathedral every Sunday for mass.
15541	NHL and NHLPA announce a 56-game schedule that will start Jan.
15542	NHS Highland has requested those who were sent the spreadsheet delete the information and inform them that the process has been undertaken.
15543	“NHS workers have been underpaid for years.
15544	Nia DaCosta will direct the film, working from a script by Megan McDonnell.
15545	Niall McGinn raced onto the loose ball and headed into the side netting.
15546	Niantic has made a number of changes to the mobile game over the last year, several of which were made for the explicit purpose of making it easier to play for those limiting their travel.
15547	Nick and Sarah Bailey also worked closely with the drama’s writer and executive producer Declan Lawn, confiding information they had told to no one outside their family.
15548	Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds - The Curse of Millhavendid not expect to post this twice in a week.
15549	Nickel molybdenum sulfide catalyst after acid treatment.
15550	Nick explains, “When you cheat on yourself, you’re not cheating on anybody else.
15551	Nick Muszynski added 19 points and nine rebounds.
15552	Nick Viall has been urging fans via his social media to stay indoors during the coronavirus outbreak.
15553	Nicolay says most primary-eligible voters got postcards in the mail with their polling place.
15554	Nicole A.’s turn to choose, she picks someone who will be a good sport about it, Christmas.
15555	Nigerian entrepreneur Kaisha Umaru who shot to fame after she appeared on Big Brother Nigeria 2020 has replied a fan who advised her to meet Erica for lessons on how to become a bad girl.
15556	Nigeria, now, more than any other time, yearns for a breath of fresh air.
15557	Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the gradual easing of lockdown measures in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), as well as Lagos and Ogun states.
15558	Nigerians don’t seem to be handling the psycho-social implications of COVID-19 too well.
15559	Nigerian singer, Joshua Iniyezo, popularly known as Solid Star is of the opinion that Niger Delta indigenes, especially Delta, his home state, do not show support to entertainers like the Igbos and Yorubas support entertainers from their region.
15560	Nigerian singer, Tiwa Savage and reality TV star, Tacha Akide have finally met each other.
15561	Nigerians wonder why the wife of the President only cries out when her interest is threatened in Aso Rock.
15562	Nigeria’s digital economy gets boost as UK signs literacy agreement for northern…
15563	Nigeria-They fell and were arrested by the villagers.
15564	Nightmare is a Class Three demon who influences the dreams of living beings as they sleep, feeding on humanity’s psychic energies in particular.
15565	Nightmares In The Makeup Chair sounds like a must for all A Nightmare On Elm Street fans, but since it was first announced, there's been little sign of it being released.
15566	Nike is definitely geared more towards the Basketball market than any other.
15567	Nikki and Artem are driving six hours to L.A. for a doctor’s appointment.
15568	Nikki McCullough is a global safety leader with 3M.
15569	Nikola first discussed building hydrogen fuel-cell semi trucks—and a network of hydrogen stations for them—before unveiling the Badger, a battery-electric truck with what is essentially a fuel-cell range extender.
15570	Nikon : Announcement of Capital and Business Alliance with XTIA Ltd.
15571	Nik seemed to get an idea when he saw the pic Trina took of Franc Baldwin (Roger Howarth) and Ava Jerome (Maura West).
15572	Nina credited Miami photographer Daria Koso for the eye-catching shots, which she accompanied with an inspirational caption.
15573	Nine analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company.
15574	Nine Chale, you are a man of wisdom and I agree with you 100%.
15575	Nine-hundred-eighty-three people have also recovered while the recovery rate remains at 62 per cent.
15576	Nine people were confirmed dead from the virus on Thursday.
15577	Ninety inmates of a government shelter home for girls here have tested positive for COVID-19, an official said on Sunday.
15578	Nine years before their separation, Mr Johnson’s fifth child was born following an extramarital affair.
15579	Nintendo released the Legend Of Zelda titles Twilight Princess and Breath Of The Wild on both new and old consoles.
15580	Nipsey Hussle, at the Warner Music Pre-Grammy Party on February 7, 2019, in L.A. This was less than two months before his death.
15581	Nir Hefetz, a former aide and confidant to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who turned state’s witness, on Monday filed a lawsuit against Yair Netanyahu, the premier’s son.
15582	Nishinomiya, Hyogo Pref. – The 32 teams that had been selected for the canceled spring invitational high school baseball championship will get their chance to play at Koshien Stadium starting Monday, but in a new format.
15583	Nkrumah, which got faulty in 2018 and affected its oil offloading capacity.
15584	NLC and TUC would never come through for Nigerian's they became a chapter of the ruling party during Adams Oshiomole's tenure… The conscience of the labour representatives are dead!
15585	NL pennants followed in 2017 and 2018, the first since 1988.
15586	Nnamdi Kanu does not speak for the Igbo Nation and therefore his opinion is not the opinion of intelligentsia and business moguls in Igboland.
15587	NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. bought a new position in Sprouts Farmers Market in the second quarter worth approximately $527,000.
15588	No. 1 seed Las Cruces went 3-0 against its opponent, district rival Gadsden.
15589	No. 1, where they were threatening bribery, extortion, they didn’t impeach on any of that.
15590	No. 22 Liberty (9-1) did not play.
15591	No. 2 is that there needs to be more positive activism that the industry has to show as shareholders in companies because a single shareholder may not have much say.
15592	No. 7 UCLA men’s volleyball (5-3) is coming off a 3-1 win against No. 5 Long Beach State (5-1) after dropping three of its prior four matches.
15593	No. 9 Maryland tops…
15594	NOAA’s Climate Prediction Center factored the development of La Niña conditions into its prediction in August that an “extremely active” hurricane season was possible in the Atlantic.
15595	Noah Westphal went 1-for-3 and he earned a walk and Andy Johnson went 1-for-3 and he was hit by a pitch.
15596	No alternative dates were announced.
15597	No, and that's a good thing.
15598	No arrests have been announced, but the CSC says police have been notified and the institution is investigating.
15599	Nobel was able to get Windows 10 up and running on the Mac Mini by using the ACVM emulation launcher to run an ARM64 Virtual Machine instance.
15600	Nobody has done more for us than Kejriwal,” says Ahmed, whose husband is a barber.
15601	Nobody knows that better than Cody Delong of Iaeger, West Virginia.
15602	Nobody likes a nagging partner who is constantly revolving around you like satellites.
15603	Nobody really knows what the New England Patriots offense is going to look like in their upcoming campaign.
15604	Nobody should expect more of you than you expect of yourself!
15605	“Nobody within the communities that I’m active in, no one is rushing out.
15606	Nobody working in Tasty Dining has been to Wuhan recently, according to Chen, but the restaurant's owner is stuck there now (his wife is running the restaurant in the meantime).
15607	Nobody would’ve thought that a power system could be this all-encompassing yet so thorough.
15608	No carb is safe — no fat either.”
15609	No CCTV camera removed from Lekki Tollgate before incident Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has again, spoken on…
15610	No celebrity endorsement claimed or implied.
15611	No comments for this article, be the first to comment “ Gdeim Izik: Morocco Condemns NGOs’ False, Spurious Allegations”
15612	No concerns of a sexual nature, or of any other matters, were ever raised with the university, confirmed officials.
15613	No covid19 relief.
15614	No damage estimates are available, the release said.
15615	No decisions have yet been made, but, of course, we’re watching very closely and considering what may need to be done if our numbers do not go down.”
15616	No deputies were hurt.
15617	No excuse is required to vote early.
15618	No fans attended Barcelona's 5-1 rout of Hungarian club Ferencvaros in the Champions League on Tuesday.
15619	“No folks, the doors are closed and you better have an appointment.
15620	No further information has been given at this time.
15621	No human has set foot since 1986.
15622	No idea why The Viking Raiders decided to play a basketball game in their wrestling gear, or why they decided they could prove they’re better at basketball than The Street Profits by throwing the game, but at least we got this GIF of Ivar dunking.
15623	"No incoming government had ever removed a Treasury secretary as far as anyone could remember," Wilkinson writes.
15624	No injuries were reported at a structure fire in west Casper on Sunday evening, according to a news release from the Casper Fire-EMS Department.
15625	No invasive plants please!
15626	No. I've never been a drinker (or much of a puker).
15627	No joke,” a third follower remarked.
15628	No, Juneteenth recognizes the day the last outpost of slavery was given the word that the chains were coming off.
15629	“No law enforcement officer that I have spoken to have stated that they are in opposition,” said Aird in response.
15630	Nollywood film-makers have largely run an independent model for over three decades, producing about 50 movies a week.
15631	No masks, no closing the doors or serving through a hatch.
15632	No matter how much cash one has lives are priceless.
15633	No matter how much may sound like Carson Palmer, it will not deter the Bengals from drafting him.
15634	No matter how much money or pressure there is, no matter how much coercion, control, or corruption there is, Harvey Dent is going to stay true to the moral center and the truth."
15635	No matter if the edges wrinkle from wet fingertips or a page slips out and drowns.
15636	No matter the success rate, the brand is number 1 in recognition and association.
15637	“No matter which region they are in, if they meet these characteristics, they should be given priority for the vaccine,” he said.
15638	Nome, on the far northwestern tip of the continent, had just gotten a telephone line, so residents were able to get some advance warning.
15639	Nominated for Best Rap Album, the rapper brought his hits to life while making his debut at Sunday’s show.
15640	Nominated for the NCAA Woman of the Year Award, Hayley Hayden, banged out 277 base hits during her career, the fourth most in UL softball history.
15641	Nominations for officers at American Legion Post 62 will be handled by email, post spokesman Dennis Marrotte said Monday.
15642	Nominations for the 92nd annual Academy Awards were announced by on Monday morning and the list is BLEAK when it comes to honoring Black films.
15643	No moans and you get your money back.
15644	No more load shedding when PF comes to power.
15645	No more money for LAUSD to waste, vote no on RR: John Phillips While people may not necessarily be moving to states because they’re economically free, they seem to be moving away from places that are economically unfree.
15646	No movie better reflects the film industry’s tumultuous 2020 than “Mulan.”
15647	No muscles busting out of seams, here.
15648	"Non-compliance with the health orders and violations of traffic or criminal law can result in fines or imprisonment," SPS said.
15649	Non-custody arraignment and plea, status and pretrial conferences, demand/waive jury trials, change of plea, and other such matters, as well as traffic infraction hearings will be conducted remotely by Zoom.
15650	Non-disabled people do sometimes take advantage, but at a glance on a vacation, there’s no way to know for sure if someone has a need or not.
15651	No need to attack people for mentioning how devastating it is to loose your business.
15652	No need to end RicoRic’s winning streak for this.
15653	No need to peel or cut.
15654	None of my last 20 or so New Year’s Eve dinners ever ended with a layer cake that involved molasses and cream cheese.
15655	None of that will be enough without your help.
15656	None of the five has led a team’s baseball operations department before.
15657	None of them has any financial interest in the Group's auditing firms or auditing corporations.
15658	None of them knew that janitor had opened the four-by-six foot window on an outside wall.
15659	None of this matters as the Washington Football Team may have issues on offense, but the defense is legit.
15660	None of this means that Americans can go out and raise multiple glasses of booze to good health, however, because problem drinking is a major cause of suffering across the United States.
15661	None of this was an emergency — we still walked away with food — but it was a reminder that sometimes we had to keep on our toes and improvise.
15662	None of us truly know the dimensions of people, their journey or their motivations.
15663	Nonetheless, every new user can also snag up to $1,000 in free bets depending on the initial deposit.
15664	Nonetheless, is setting an example for the younger players to emulate by taking accountability of his mistakes, and working tirelessly to try and rectify them.
15665	Nonetheless, it again, would seem kind of up-in-the-air if Bell can stay with the Cavaliers and stick around.
15666	Nonetheless she hoped to work on the fourth measure together with Republicans, despite skepticism expressed by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
15667	Nonetheless, the 2020 outlook for all Chinese airlines is bleak.
15668	Nonetheless, the conflicts and chaos have led to a political awakening among Afghanistan’s various ethnic and linguistic groups, culminating in the 1990s’ civil war along ethnic and linguistic lines.
15669	Nonetheless, there have been few instances where MSMEs have reported challenges in securing credit under the scheme.
15670	None who were released needed to be readmitted.
15671	No, NE won’t win the division.
15672	“No, nobody got in touch with me about it, and it’s a waste of time as far as I’m concerned,” said Columbus.
15673	No no no, we can’t continue this way.
15674	"No, not towards me," said Dongguo.
15675	“No one embodied the word ‘courage’ better than John Lewis.
15676	No one heard anything from me, nothing from me from when Reign was born to four months when I filed for child support and paternity.”
15677	No one is going to recognize you as an authority after three months.
15678	No one knows if a baseball season could be played over an extended period in a country that still does not have a cohesive strategy for fighting COVID-19.
15679	No one knows where this will end, but people are fearful.
15680	No one prepares you for what to do when your child wakes up with the flu on the morning you are supposed to present your first bill.
15681	No one quite knew why toilet paper was in short supply, other than hoarding because people thought they would be stuck inside for months.
15682	No one really is.
15683	No one really wants to hang out with anyone like that, but maybe if I could just get over myself and try to lean into something a little corny with Samin Nosrat, someone whom I find charming, then maybe it would work out.
15684	“No one was expecting the impact that this pandemic would have in all the different areas of our lives,” says Fader, which “includes the way we use and interact with social media.”
15685	No one was injured and the boat wasn't damaged, however, the train leaked a substantial amount of fuel, the complaint said.
15686	No one was injured, but the homeowner's grandson was detained and taken to the Mendota Police Department for questioning.
15687	No one will reach for a tissue, of course, as football, Australia and the world confronts the economic tsunami delivered by COVID-19, but the Bombers just can’t get their heads above water.
15688	No other people I’d rather be stuck at home with than these 4 right here.
15689	No plans, no expectations."
15690	No problem at all when you've hit the Hobbs sale.
15691	No reliable antibody testing.
15692	No rent always own.
15693	Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Apartment Investment and Management during the 4th quarter valued at $84,979,000.
15694	Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of AFLAC during the 4th quarter worth $350,139,000.
15695	Norges Bank bought a new stake in Tripadvisor in the 4th quarter valued at about $34,237,000.
15696	Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Leidos in the 4th quarter worth about $131,668,000.
15697	Nor have they gone to many restaurants.
15698	Norma Awrey, 80, an independent in Kansas City, Kan., feels the biggest problem with the health care system is corruption.
15699	Normal, especially under these current circumstances, is not a one size fits all.
15700	“Normal” fight scenes become a yo-yo-ing spectacle of kinetic uncertainty.
15701	Normally, Confederation Park in the northwest is illuminated with around 650,000 light exhibits.
15702	Normally start the drying fans in late April when temperatures are averaging in the upper 40 degrees.
15703	Normally, the squares of host cities are packed with fans in the build-up to Champions League finals with beer flowing, songs being sung and business booming for bars and restaurants.
15704	Normally, U.S. protests have little in common with Latin America’s.
15705	"Normally, we get the first few scripts, and then they have to keep writing due to the schedule of it," Dyer The Hollywood Reporter.
15706	Normally, you will still have to follow a certain pattern in the shades you pick, but that is about it.
15707	NORTH BRADDOCK (KDKA) – On Tuesday night, the Woodland Hills School Board voted to allow student-athletes to play sports this fall.
15708	North Carolina begins sending out absentee ballots as questions remain about the vote-by-mail process.
15709	North Carolina Secretary of Commerce Tony Copeland has named Pryor Gibson as Assistant Secretary for the Division of Employment Security (DES).
15710	Northeast 51st Street, behind a 7-Eleven, is a short cul-de-sac with no homes.
15711	Northern Ireland’s schools will reopen as planned in January, the region’s education minister has said.
15712	North Korea cancelled the Pyongyang Marathon scheduled for April after imposing a border lockdown due to the level of outbreak in South Korea.
15713	North Korea has shown no willingness to abandon weapons it sees as vital for defense of the nation and the Kim dynasty.
15714	North Korea is idiosyncratic in its willingness to deploy large liquid propellant ICBMs in a road mobile configuration.
15715	North Korean leader faces his share of trouble: crippling U.S.-led economic sanctions, the coronavirus pandemic and damage from devastating typhoons and summer floods.
15716	North Korean leader Kim Jong Un called an emergency meeting Saturday after the infection was reported.
15717	North Korean leader Kim Jong Un speaks during the 5th Plenary Meeting of the 7th Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK) in this undated photo released on Dec. 29, 2019 by North Korean Central News Agency.
15718	North Korean leader Kim Jong Un warned top party officials of the “serious consequences” of failing to prevent an outbreak of the new coronavirus in the country, state media reported Saturday.
15719	North Korean troops had conducted numerous cross-border raids and shootings against South Korean and American troops, and U.S. forces needed to know ahead of time if North Korea was planning a surprise attack.
15720	Northland artists performed at the Caddy Shack in Duluth's Lincoln Park Neighborhood on Saturday night.
15721	North Little Rock convention and hospitality officials want to capitalize on the renaissance in the city with a new logo to launch a branding campaign.
15722	North Rhine-Westphalia state premier Armin Laschet, corporate lawyer Friedrich Merz and foreign affairs expert Norbert Rottgen are vying for the post.
15723	NORTH/SOUTH includes three sedulous early Pemba watercolours from the 1940s, as well as Assassination of Shaka Zulu (estimate R400 000 – 600 000), an oil work from 1973 that depicts an important historical event in allegorical terms.
15724	Northwestern announced the decision Wednesday after consulting with the Chicago Cubs, state and local authorities and the Big Ten Conference.
15725	Nor was it the last shooting.
15726	Norwegian energy giant Equinor has dumped plans to conduct deep-sea oil exploration in the Great Australian Bight, about 400 kilometres off the South Australian coast, saying the plan is no longer "commercially competitive".
15727	Norwich and another provincial city, Southampton, have submitted proposals to the Department of Health to pilot mass testing schemes.
15728	Norwich defender Ben Godfrey will miss the trip to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium as he begins a three-match ban.
15729	Nor will any recounts move the needle.
15730	Nor will they tell us what the unwritten rules are, so we could maybe write them down at least for ourselves.
15731	Norwood Company Developing Coronavirus VaccineWBZ-TV's David Wade reports.
15732	No same-day reservations or walk-ins allowed.
15733	No sane society would take kindly to this economic and general security threat, no matter the size of arrangee protests.
15734	No seahawks fan would argue with you about their Defense.
15735	“No,” she said, sounding, for the first time in conversation, rather sad.
15736	No studies were found that were designed to directly assess whether ACE inhibitors or ARBs increase the risk of acquiring COVID-19.
15737	Notably, the demand is such that around 1,500 metric tonnes of onions is brought to the state every day.
15738	Notably, the details of the battery on iPhone SE (2020) are not revealed by the company.
15739	Notably, the salt farmers have been suffering from huge loss since couple of years due to natural disasters like floods and storm.
15740	Not all 18th-century or Victorian-style clothes need to look like they were lifted from a Dickens novel.
15741	Not all insurance plans cover natural disasters, so it’s important to read the fine print.
15742	Not a lot of people would mind.
15743	Not as far as anyone knows.
15744	Not a thing, trust me.
15745	Not because I wanted my son to go to any particular school, but because I needed to make myself feel like a better mother.”
15746	Not caring is a relatively mild state, that you wouldn’t cross the street for.
15747	Not clear if businesses will be exempt from fines in event of an unmasked flash mob showing up to grab whatever they can & run.
15748	Not detrimental to our way of life.
15749	No. Techno, specifically the kind they used to play at the Frankfurt Airport, goes.
15750	Note: Pritzker’s news conference can be watched live in the video player above beginning at around 12 p.m. CST.
15751	NOTES: Mirco Mueller took over Greene's spot on the top defensive pairing with P.K. Subban.
15752	NOTES: Pittsburgh, the No. 5 seed in the East, again struggled on the power play.
15753	Note that we’ll update these 53-man projections throughout the summer.
15754	Note that you could also create page approval workflow using Power Automate to do this as well but this approach is relatively simple and would work well if you have translations ready to go when you create content.
15755	Not everyone in the Ann Arbor Jewish community agrees that the post was anti-Semitic, either.
15756	Not everyone wants to shatter the illusion that sports exist separate from “real life.”
15757	"Not going to happen to us.
15758	Not going to lie, I wasn't expecting to read Something like this so early in the morning.
15759	No they’re not all going to be Mahomes or Rodgers or Wilson, but you should be able to find one that can take care of the football and operate your offense so you don’t have to find that guy.
15760	Nothing can stop the Juggernaut.
15761	Nothing chills economic activity more than regulation.
15762	Nothing has been withdrawn right now.
15763	Nothing he ever does, no matter how evil it is, will turn fans against him, because he’s impossible to hate.
15764	Nothing is going to happen to him because there is a culture up there, unlike down South; that says, go there and take it, as long as you have some important people who will protect you in that office, you go there and take care of them.
15765	Nothing needs to be said.
15766	Nothing’s off limits in Amazing Disgrace: A Book About ‘Shame’.
15767	Notice Is Hereby Given that all persons having claims against the said Estate are hereby required to present the same within the time allowed by law or the same will be barred.
15768	Noting that few late-night shows with Black men as hosts last for a third season, Cenac said, “You’ve got two and done, and I am part of that club.”
15769	Noting that he saw the need to complement the state government effort at adding value to education, the Caretaker chairman urged the people to, in the same spirit, continue to support the government both at the state and local government levels.
15770	Noting the seriousness of the situation, Rock called on those who are able to do so to get tested for the virus.
15771	Not just drug trafficking — we’re talking all kinds of informal economies.”
15772	Not long ago, he told a friend he would bring her out for his next birthday.
15773	Not many television shows are willing to be as ridiculous with their may very well be the next best thing.
15774	Not much concern over that.
15775	Not much of a 2020 plan of attack-
15776	Not only are inmates punished the entire time they are in jail, they suffer consequences once they leave as well.
15777	Not only are the graphical elements in this short trailer amazing, but the score is quite intriguing.
15778	Not only could they partner with countries on infrastructure development, but by investing in capacity building and local content, they could enable individuals and businesses to qualify for the job and contract opportunities that result.
15779	Not only did that fit the time period (with all the galactic conflict) but it fit her skills as well.
15780	Not only did they conceal the truth, they also mismanaged the situation,” a senior former official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told Reuters.
15781	Not only does AI increase productivity, it also improves overall quality.
15782	Not only does he control six Stands instead of one, but each also has their own personality separate from his.
15783	Not only does that hold potential for everything from guidance systems to communications, but it brings devices closer to mimicking the way the brain operates.
15784	Not only does the ball shrink into a peach pit whenever it slaps against Leonard’s mighty hands, but everytime he steps on the court, he brings a game that’s been molded to dominate areas of the floor, placing an insoluble strain on the opposition.
15785	“Not only have we been able to continue with our placements, but we have been able to utilize our newly acquired skills, knowledge and resources in a new context,” Heon was quoted in a statement from the college.
15786	Not only is the board implementing these drastic cuts during a global health crisis, it is making these cuts to part-time faculty, and undergraduate and graduate assistants who are some of the campuses' most vulnerable populations.
15787	“Not only is this a deep group with six solid players, but it also covers all positions.
15788	Not only is this a nuisance for the car owners, but is quite dangerous and can also be quite frightening for the drivers.
15789	Not only that, women must make sure that they have been duly named nominees in these investments.
15790	“Not only this, but based on available costs, our durable design is competitive with the existing disposable model,” Voetmann said.
15791	Not only was this whole advance retraced entirely, but it only took one day for this to occur.
15792	Not only will the residents of Sakubva benefit from accommodation once the new flats are up, there are more than 25 000 direct and indirect jobs that will be created.
15793	“Not only will you be helping us raise vital funds for Francis House, but you’ll have all the excitement of racing your virtual balloon to win some fantastic prizes at the same time.”
15794	Not only would Black women put Joe Biden in the White House, but they would also put a Black woman in the White House as well, and that is a historical poetry that we will live with for a long time."
15795	Not opposing a second referendum did not equate to support for independence, Mr McLeish added, but similar to comments made by Mr Starmer, he said a wider form of federalism was needed not just in Scotland, but across the four nations of the UK.
15796	Not per questioning day.
15797	No transportation enterprises shall restrict or deny any specific group’s access to public transport vehicles, such as taxis, subway and buses, on the basis of their nationality, race, gender or skin color.
15798	Not really surprising.
15799	Not so fast, according to emerging AI-enabled tracking technology now being developed by CACI, a technology firm supporting the U.S. military services.
15800	Not so much because our human rights laws need changing, but because a good argument can be made that our existing global institutions, and especially the UN’s deliberative role, are playing fast and loose with their legitimacy and our integrity.”
15801	Not sure how this relates to football my it surely relates to PFT’s negativism and hard-to-believe hope that the NFL isn’t played.
15802	Not sure why he didn't nut shot the guy when he was standing in the "come at me bro" pose, but I guess that would have been taking the first shot.
15803	Not surprisingly, state and local public health authorities maintain the ban doesn’t go far enough.
15804	Not telling all my closest girlfriends was torture but their reaction was worth it.
15805	Not that Gospel supply side Jesus.
15806	Not the best cut I’ve ever had.
15807	Not to mention higher returns for shareholders.
15808	Not to set aside.
15809	Not to think of the past, not to think of the future, just the here and now.
15810	Not wanted but for some reason feel it's their thing.
15811	Novavax has said its experimental Covid-19 vaccine produced antibodies against the coronavirus and appears to be safe, according to initial data from a small, early-stage clinical trial.
15812	Now, Aang can clearly recall the time just before the great war, when the Fire Nation was at peace and the original airbenders were alive.
15813	Now, according to Penland, Santee Cooper “may sell lighting facilities to neighborhood.”
15814	Nowadays, I consume THC for relaxation.
15815	Nowadays the exclusivity deals are a bit more extreme, with Call of Duty: Modern Warfare players on PS4 getting exclusive access to for an entire year.
15816	… Nowadays, you got computers and all to do that.”
15817	Now add the salt, vinegar, sugar, tomato ketchup, ginger root, chopped prawn and chicken stock.
15818	Now, after 261 races in 14 seasons, Hamilton is level with him at the age of 35.
15819	No walkies for you!
15820	“Now, a lot of people don’t know this but when you use deodorant, it traps the toxins in there,” she said.
15821	Now, Americans apparently have moved on from essentials to a comfort phase of pandemic spending.
15822	Now, a widely available recording of the Brooks and Yearwood duet of "Shallow" does indeed exist.
15823	Now behind the walls of a fortified settlement in Lawton, Oklahoma, Alicia and Strand have spent the toiling away doing dirty jobs — and it's time to make a clean break.
15824	Now Beijing shows little appetite for budget-busting stimulus.
15825	“Now both are gone.”
15826	Now, Brin’s business donates their print paper to the schools, and works in conjunction with S.C. Vocational Rehabilitation in her area to help provide work and jobs for people with disabilities.
15827	Now, click on the add file option that can be seen on the bottom left corner of the screen and all the AVI videos that you want to repair.
15828	Now, Columbia University astronomer David Kipping has used Bayesian reasoning—a common method of statistical analysis—to calculate the odds that reality is unreal.
15829	Now, come forward in time with me.
15830	Now, Everett Earl says the time felt right to come back.
15831	Now everything is shining with truth and beauty for me.'
15832	Now, facing a pandemic, mail volume has dropped off and the question has resurfaced: Can the post office survive?
15833	Now, for the first time, a plan has attempted to take that resolution seriously and provide Israel with defensible borders.
15834	Now go bark on someone else’s reply button.
15835	Now he is playing for Kiwoom.
15836	Nowhere is safe these days.
15837	Nowhere is this truer than in New York City, where a significant percentage of the wealth in the United States has slowly concentrated over the last 150 years.
15838	Now, he’s claiming that was all a lie.
15839	Now he’s ready to do his pent-up talking.
15840	Now he would be ‘damaged Morph,’ bitter about being left behind to die, so he has been led to believe, by the X-Men.
15841	"Now I can decipher when he's having a hard time figuring out his emotions and when he really needs to sit down and I try to do that every day," she said.
15842	Now, if BOB the GM would fire BOB the coach that doesn’t know how to direct that talent, it might be his best move yet.
15843	Now, if it, insofar as that scheme may have helped to spread the virus, then obviously we need to counteract that and we need to counteract that with the discipline and the measures that we’re proposing.
15844	Now, if you asked me, I would not put “copy writer” in the “non-essential” category, but everybody’s priorities are different.
15845	Now I have video footage of myself hitting you in the face with your own hammer.
15846	Now I know that, beyond treatment itself, they offer additional services, from counselling and music therapy, to support groups and trips away.
15847	Now in his 10th year as governor, Cuomo’s solidarity trips run a tight circuit aimed at maximum efficiency.
15848	Now in recovery after seven weeks in a hospital, doctors have said the driver may have to wear compression garments, to protect his delicate and injured skin from breakage, for potentially years to come.
15849	Now, in this letter, the same connotation is made.”
15850	Now, I realize the entirety of the Bachelor/Bachelorette universe is produced, heightened, manipulated… if not downright contrived.
15851	Now is their time of need and for us to give back.
15852	“Now is the time to increase the pressure on Iran by snapping back UN sanctions,” Goldberg wrote.
15853	Now it is being said that the 14 day quarantine period is too short.
15854	Now it is clear that it can cause illnesses of the sinus; can affect the lining of blood vessels and can lead to blood clots developing.
15855	Now, it is making it even easier to get local, fresh produce through its Farm Box program.
15856	Now it just needs to climb down from its ivory tower, along with the rest of the Olympic movement, so it can get serious about the COVID-19 crisis it somehow feels impervious to.
15857	Now, it’s high time for an evaluation of what has happened.
15858	Now it will take place in Florida with no fans, in the same venue that the UFC will be having two additional Fight Night cards this week on May 13 and May 16.
15859	Now Johanna, who also works as an optical advisor, regularly snaps up entire outfits for £3 - kitting herself out for glamorous photoshoots for less than a sandwich, drink and crisp deal.
15860	Now Jonah needs round-the-clock care just to stay alive, and Liv feels like she’s the only person who can see that her brother is still there inside his broken body.
15861	Now let’s check out some of the best slim styling rules followed by almost every fashionable celebrity.
15862	Now let’s look at what sold last month, including both NameJet and SnapNames.
15863	Now maybe he has eough money so that he can STOP making those dim witted, gawd awful TV commercials.
15864	Now more than ever, a VPN is key.
15865	“Now moving forward, what are the students going to do?
15866	Now my dad wasn’t overplayed as a kid, but later on in his career he had hamstring injuries, he had thigh injuries and groin injuries.
15867	"Now, of course, it's more and more interesting when we play where, the times are really important because we will see how we can organise the travel stuff."
15868	No wonder Bajorans don't really trust The Federation.
15869	No wonder I was 270 and heading for 300.
15870	No wonder some popular politicians speak like they are in a perpetual rage.
15871	“No words can express the secret agony of my soul … the deep remembrance of the sense I had of being utterly neglected and hopeless.
15872	No worry what outc… https://t.
15873	Now people can go and enjoy the magical lights display with only 23 days until Christmas day.
15874	Now, Semih Terzi was targeted because of his intimate knowledge of affairs relating to Syria, Your Honor.
15875	Now Serpentine just starts to up the pace as they reach the top of the hill and has opened up a gap of a few lengths to the rest.
15876	Now she likes nothing more than spending hours polishing the bath taps and scrubbing the kitchen floor, and even spends her pocket money on cleaning products.
15877	Now some worry that the ruling party will use the super-majority in parliament to change the constitution to extend the two-term limit for the presidency.
15878	Now that 6PPD-quinone has been identified as the "smoking gun" behind coho death in freshwater streams, the team can start to understand why this chemical is so toxic.
15879	Now that 90 Day Fiance fans know about Deavan Clegg’s new relationship, she’s been showing off her new boyfriend Topher Park quite a bit.
15880	“Now that I’m on the other end, I still love it for the same reason.”
15881	Now, that portion of the rent is laying a strong foundation for your own home.
15882	Now that students are returning to the St.
15883	Now, that superpower is very much on the wane, as Donald Trump recognized in running successfully as a for president in 2016.
15884	Now that the new Deadpool Week 3 challenges are live in the game, here is where Fortnite players can find toilet plungers in the HQ.
15885	Now that we've got some of the bad boys behind us, let's look at who I think could fill the bill during these great change-everything times.
15886	Now, that would be up by from the pre-Covid all-time peak of $139 per share in December 2019 and compared to the (optimistic) Wall Street consensus for December 2020.
15887	Now the 33-year-old has shared the first full photo of her baby girl, face and all.
15888	Now, the acquisition has been completed by the UK Competition and Markets Authority (CMA).
15889	Now the company is beginning to roll out some of these icons, starting with Windows Insiders.
15890	Now the coronavirus is further stressing Americans and putting a spotlight on mental health.
15891	Now the county is asking the community to help get on board.
15892	Now, the Facebook group has in excess of 2,000 members including 30 coordinators who distribute fabric and old bedding, collect garments and deliver them to hospital and facilities.
15893	Now the fans can tell the-afc.com who is their favorite by voting in a poll which ends at 1800 (UTC 8) on April 15.
15894	Now, the idea of “too much comfort” and “too many choices” is an almost laughable, unimaginable luxury as every day of this hellish summer brings thousands of additional COVID deaths, historic wildfires, and double doses of hurricane threats.
15895	Now the industry will be silent for a long time.
15896	Now, the invasive birds are poised to do the same to the Californian spotted owl subspecies.
15897	Now, the junior and her teammates are headed somewhere the program hasn’t been since 2007 – the Tacoma Dome.
15898	Now the latter is “leaning on her friend more than ever.”
15899	Now the man that would be in charge of providing the playing surface says he's ready to deliver a premium track for one of the nation's great sporting events.
15900	Now the most valuable company on Britain’s blue-chip FTSE 100 Index, it has already agreed to deliver 100 million doses to people in Britain, with 30 million as soon as September.
15901	Now the movie looks to be the first of many Disney projects starring Reynolds.
15902	Now the project has an $11 billion price tag and an estimated completion date 13 years in the future – a timeline that would extend past even two consecutive Blangiardi terms.
15903	Now, there are a few different kinds of remakes.
15904	“Now there are two possibilities, either we find a vaccine, or we do not find a vaccine – at least not in the coming years.
15905	Now there's just the rest of 's mechanical god cult to deal with.
15906	Now, there’s little more than a light pink scar shaped like a puzzle piece below his eye.
15907	Now, there won’t be much that Ryan can do about the situation while in Pentonville, so Nikolas should be safe for now.
15908	Now, the space has been split in half: One part is devoted to the general store Hoy set up in the spring, and the other will serve as a private dining room for groups of 12 people or less.
15909	Now, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit has ruled that a male student may proceed with a claim of sex discrimination against Oberlin for railroading him out of the college for alleged sexual assault.
15910	Now, the widow has approached the High Court seeking cancellation of the Agreement of Sale entered into between her and Chiota on 25 January 2006.
15911	Now they can’t even get it into the curriculum,” Zeigler said.
15912	Now they’re seeking a “two for one” by claiming that the World Court case was ALSO the reason for Trotman’s rush to sign on the dotted line!
15913	Now, this excuse is ludicrous and nonsensical at best and here is why.
15914	Now those hopes have been dashed.
15915	Now, two more popular hosts are following suit.
15916	Now, two shows from this year’s edition are available until April 20 through the company’s new initiative, Actors Theater Direct.
15917	Now, users can present their entire screen or a specific window in a meeting because of tab-focused presentation mode.
15918	Now, video surveillance footage, photos, and witnesses are to document the Shepards’ ordeal.
15919	Now we can compete with the best.
15920	Now we find ourselves in a time when fear has become our new currency.
15921	“Now we have two in execution and another in design.
15922	Now we know that’s not true.
15923	Now, we’re anxiously waiting for the second release candidate which will probably be available from 14 September.
15924	Now, what we don’t know is this, the food we are eating in 2020 is the food we harvest in 2019.
15925	Now when we walk – late at night when it’s quiet – if we see a dog and its human approaching, we make a small arc around them.
15926	Now widely regarded as the start of the Christmas shopping period, this year’s Black Friday weekend runs from November 27 and ends in spectacular style on Cyber Monday, November 30.
15927	Now, with Orbital we can actually produce materials that function as good, or better than a Nike Dri-FIT yet with only recycled and organic ingredients, and zero chemical finishing required.
15928	Now, with police sidelined and facing "defunding," gun violence is rising fast in major cities around the country.
15929	Now with the Patriots, he’s rushed for eight touchdowns in seven games played.
15930	Now, with the political climate uglier than ever, Mendenhall continues to hang on to that philosophy.
15931	Now with the price near the lows for the day, the sellers are making a play.
15932	Now, you can get Echo Auto + 6 months free Amazon Music Unlimited for $19.
15933	Now you get it.
15934	No, you can use it as many times as you like.
15935	NPS’ next virtual engagement is an SGL, coming July 21 at noon, when university alumni retired Army Gen. Keith B. Alexander and retired Vice Adm.
15936	N Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has stressed that every death in police custody with signs of torture should be investigated.
15937	Nse Ikpe-Etim covers Guardian Life Magazine Nollywood actress Nse Ikpe-Etim made the cover of the latest edition of The…
15938	“Nsp4 and Nsp16 are among the first RNA molecules that are produced when the virus infects a new person,” Berrio said.
15939	NSW Chief Health Officer Dr Kerry Chant.
15940	NSW Greens MP David Shoebridge is chairing a parliamentary inquiry into allegations of grant rorting.
15941	NSW has had 3,496 cases.
15942	NSW Health advised anyone who may have gone to those venues on the same day to self-isolate for up to two weeks and get tested if any symptoms occur.
15943	NSW Police Cybercrime Squad Commander, Detective Superintendent Mathew Craft said the arrests were the result of a complex investigation into a calculated and sophisticated fraud.
15944	NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian says she is growing frustrated with the Queensland government.
15945	Ntaria (Hermannsburg) has always been “a guinea pig for government”, said Que: “We were the first for the Intervention.
15946	Ntshangase was very vocal in her resistance to the mining, and allegedly turned down a bribe of R350,000 made recently to get her to withdraw her support for current legal cases before court, according to MCEJO's attorney Kirsten Youens.
15947	Ntsiki responded, suggesting it was up to the universe to decide.
15948	Nuhu Angbazo, thanked the governors for their confidence in the Nigerian army to stem the tide of banditry in their respective states.
15949	Numerous payday lenders recharge a hard and fast cost whenever you borrowвЂ”typically between ten dollars and $30 for every $100 lent.
15950	Nuri said the next step is to make sure nonprofits are aware of the movement and are applying to be a part of it.
15951	Nurses and paramedics who transport patients in Royal Flying Doctor Service ambulances in Victoria have started an indefinite campaign of industrial action over a pay dispute.
15952	Nurses from up in a parking garage were yelling down to us just how much this meant to them and then they went back inside and back to work.
15953	Nurse Shirley Molloy swabs a patient for COVID-19 at a drive-through fever clinic on the Sunshine Coast.
15954	NUR-SULTAN – The Qara Film Festival will be held online Aug. 6-9 in Kazakhstan.
15955	Nuveen Asset Management LLC now owns 947,715 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $21,314,000 after buying an additional 156,715 shares in the last quarter.
15956	Nvidia and Asus are showing off 360Hz gaming monitors at CES.
15957	Nvidia launched its first Ampere based card, the Nvidia A100, back in May that was dedicated to scientific computing and data analytics.
15958	Nvidia’s GeForce Now streaming service is offering a discounted subscription that includes access to Hyper Scape’s battle pass.
15959	Nyasa Times only found one Chinese national sitting on a chair under a tree guarding the place which has no any machine in place.
15960	NYPD Looking For Man Suspected Of Grabbing Woman's Breast During Sidewalk AssaultA 29-year-old woman said a stranger grabbed her breast while she was standing on the sidewalk, according to police.
15961	NYPD officers were deployed on Tuesday to all 1,200 polling sites in New York City and officers will be out on the streets Tuesday night.
15962	“NY should be fine.
15963	Nzimande said one of the herbs the team is working on, is in the Nguni languages.
15964	Oakland’s homeless services are in high demand as the numbers have surged to over 4,000 in the last count, a 47% increase in two years.
15965	Oasis and Warehouse are among a host of brands that have collapsed into administration or are taking the first steps in that direction.
15966	Obama's explanation for his choice — to lump over a billion Muslims worldwide in with a far smaller number of murderous extremists — is debatable.
15967	Obama’s style was different,” Hagel said.
15968	Obama was speaking during avirtual meeting organized by Bloomberg Philanthropies.
15969	Obasanjo noted: “The Governors in different states of the country as the Chief Security Officers of their respective States were taking measures to enhance and buoy up security for their citizens.
15970	Obaseki said there was pressure in Benin City currently as a result of rapid urbanisation.
15971	Obaseki, who is the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the September 19, 2020 gubernatorial election in Edo State, gave the assurance during his reelection campaign rally in the region.
15972	Obesity rates among young Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders have increased from about three in 10 to almost four in 10.
15973	Obesity was also generational and there was less likelihood of a child being obese if their parents lived healthy lifestyles.
15974	OBF is a debilitating condition caused by obstructed labour, that creates a hole between the bladder and the vagina causing affected women to leak urine or faeces.
15975	Object recognition and avoidance is this robot cleaner’s selling point and while it works most of the time, it’s the few times that it doesn’t that’s the reason why you should be awake or around when it gets to work.
15976	O’Boyle and her staff had to get creative, as contact was not allowed for the first months of practice.
15977	O’Brien also uploaded a video of his speech on social media.
15978	“Observations in the coming years will tell us whether the sharp decrease in Betelgeuse’s brightness is related to a spot cycle,” team leader Thavisha Dharmawardena says.
15979	Obtaining the best possible deal with a colocation provider requires negotiation, and the ultimate cost of your leased data center footprint will depend on a number of factors.
15980	“Obviously, all countries in the world are interested in finding a cure and we are not different.
15981	Obviously, criticizing another candidate’s record and making sure they are thoroughly vetted is the whole point of the primary process.
15982	Obviously Disney wouldn’t touch the term “tar baby,” even in the 1980s, and so in the ride Br’er Rabbit now finds himself stuck inside a honey-filled beehive.
15983	“Obviously if there are no fans at Anfield then it will be a bit of a blow – no one wants to play games without the fans.
15984	“Obviously, it didn’t work, so it must be a lousy system,” Rosen said.
15985	“Obviously, Mikel will have his feelings of it but like I said with Eddie, it wasn’t intentional but dangerous to go in on the stretch with his studs up.
15986	Obviously, the first requirement is to find a suitable solvent that is economical and can be used safely.
15987	Obviously this isn’t something targeted at consumers, even if some of the features of the new Matrice drone are going to be appealing.
15988	Obviously though… Smokin’ Joes is… you can’t really beat it.
15989	"Obviously we'd love the numbers to be a lot better and the pandemic is not fully reflected in the quarter four numbers either because our quarter ends in March," she said.
15990	Obviously, we would like more but it is outside their control," the woman added.
15991	Obviously you need a certain mentality and a strong mind.
15992	Obvious possible reasons why the coronavirus has hit Latin America so hard include the region’s inequality, large and densely populated cities, sizeable informal sectors, inadequate public-health systems, and high levels of internal migration.
15993	Ocampos’ and Morata’s goals came after penalty kicks awarded after long delays for the video review.
15994	Occasionally the lights dimmed.
15995	Occupying yourself with a low maintenance domestic project and spending time with family will be therapeutic, grounding and rejuvenating.
15996	Ochiltree County Sheriff Terry Bouchard said while the jail population is always fluid, the recent rise in numbers is COVID-related.
15997	October 25 Portimão, Portugal: British racing driver Lewis Hamilton his 92nd race win in Formula One, setting a new record in the highest class of single-seater auto racing.
15998	October 9, 2020 at 10:39 p.m.
15999	Odd it might seem to many a reader, but the example of Hitler is quite pertinent in this case.
16000	Odds of seeing a black bear are good, and you may also see deer or turkey or possibly one of the elk that has been reintroduced into the park.
16001	Odfficers arrived to find a man lying on the ground with multiple gunshot wounds.
16002	ODF officials are “professionally concerned” about coming fire danger.
16003	Oduyoye, in a statement in Ibadan, Oyo State capital, said Makinde will not be deterred by opposition to his reconciliation efforts and plans to bring unity and cohesion to Southwest PDP.
16004	Of all the ballets they have been a part of, the dancers and Grand-Maitre say The Nutcracker is special for its Christmas spirit and the bonds created.
16005	” of coronavirus that makes it even more contagious has already spread across the United States.
16006	Of course, AI isn’t perfect, which is why Google employs teams of trained operators and analysts who audit reviews, photos, business profiles, and other types of content, both individually and in bulk.
16007	Of course, all of this information should be taken with a grain of salt given that's information of the unofficial variety.
16008	Of course, a lot of lessons are also learned while doing an activity and Dean has plenty of his own advice for people interested in hunting.
16009	Of course, as Dickey points out, perception is everything.
16010	Of course, GH fans know exactly what this about.
16011	Of course, he’s going to be best known for the Nickell no-call in the when the refs failed to flag him for pass interference, but it’s a shame because he was deserving of much more praise throughout his time.
16012	Of course his messy affairs are of interest to investigative journalists.
16013	Of course, if the “deal” is implemented, one of the major considerations will be the degree of freedom of movement into Israel afforded the Arab residents of “Palestine.”
16014	Of course, if they don’t want to talk about their experiences, don’t force them to.
16015	"Of course I'm worried — as a Quebecer, as an MP — about the situation going on in my riding, in the province, as I am concerned about Canadians coast to coast to coast, as prime minister," said Trudeau.
16016	‘Of course I want to have big success and we want to win titles here.
16017	Of course I was devastated but that's no reason to let a serviceable slow cooker go to waste, is it?
16018	Of course I would blame the woman for getting pregnant.
16019	Of course, Lock has his inconsistencies and general flaws.
16020	Of course, Nigerians need not be reminded, of the exit date of an administration that has caused them so much pains, abused our law, trampled on their rights and undermined our electoral process.
16021	Of course, she’s talking about traditional cold and flu viruses that have been studied for years.
16022	Of course such things can be exaggerated.
16023	Of course the alternative — actually trying to argue with people in the camps I’ve just described — may not work either, especially given the curated virtual realities that the internet increasingly enables us all to inhabit.
16024	Of course, the duo played the leads in the iconic movie in 1978, and they’ve been making news together ever since.
16025	Of course, the new game proposal comes with a few rule-changes and exceptions.
16026	Of course there are casualties, but we don’t have the numbers.
16027	Of course, there are plenty of sectors where labour still the source of value and the key site of exploitation – with care being an obvious example.
16028	Of course, the same train-wreck attraction that made the Netflix program such a hit applied to the real deal as well.
16029	Of course, these grosses will do very little to help the financial struggles both Disney and movie theaters face.
16030	Of course, these match cards also feature other top independent talents, as well as names who have since gone on to sign with WWE.
16031	Of course, the sorting hat takes into account which house you want to be in, but it's always way more fun to get sorted based on your personality as well.
16032	Of course they can, but it's so complicated and so rare that one does not have to take it seriously.
16033	Of course, they could go the whole "she was with him throughout Breaking Bad but was never shown" route, but that would be a tough bridge to cross.
16034	Of course, they had the great astronomer and mathematician and parallax pioneer Friedrich Wilhelm Bessel on their mind.
16035	OF course they voted against it.
16036	Of course, this is also helped by the fact that Bridget Jones' Diary) at the helm, guiding this story effortlessly.
16037	Of course, this is an employment forecast made in a very uncertain political and economic climate and just how this will actually play out in respect to the Irish labour market is very difficult to accurately predict.
16038	Of course, this isn’t the first time Teigen has clapped back at trollsCravings: Hungry For More author has been the internet’s Clap Back Queen after her many savage responses to critics.
16039	Of course, this must not be read to imply that national and sub-national identities are less important, as they may be the very basis for people’s sense of dignity, cohesion and solidarity.
16040	Of course, this stigma is hardly true when the majority of disabled people have lives just about as regular as anybody else’s.
16041	Of course this will be fought by all of those currently involved in the child’s education.
16042	Of course touching ones face will leave virus on everything one touches there after.
16043	Of course, we ask that anyone not feeling well, please stay home and enjoy the films in the comfort of your living room.
16044	Of course we're not happy with the idea of an apocalyptic pandemic – we're as scared as anyone – but there is a strange underlying peace in having one's world view finally confirmed.
16045	Of course, you don’t need to go too far back to see a possible trend.
16046	Offering a near-perfect blend of practicality and thrift in a genuinely fun to drive package, the Golf GTI’s appeal crosses all socio-economic demographics.
16047	Offering options to only some students runs contrary to the school board’s stated commitment to equity of educational opportunities.
16048	Officer Blair Wilkie said: “Hares are protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 (as amended) and under the Protection Of Wild Mammals (Scotland) Act 2002, it is illegal to hunt them with dogs.
16049	Officer Edward Tovar met veteran James Nicoletti during a well-being check earlier this month.
16050	Officers advised the people involved to stay away from each other.
16051	Officers are linking her death to reports of a man seen acting suspiciously by a pub earlier that day.
16052	Officers attempted to take Franco into custody but he fled in the vehicle nearly striking an EPPD officer and a pursuit ensued.
16053	Officers prepared to abandon their cabins to make way for the injured.
16054	Officers said a firearm was also used in the alleged kidnapping.
16055	Officers used DNA analysis to help identify Netts’ body.
16056	Officially, there would have been two drafts, but the chorus was always the same and the first verse.
16057	Officials are engaged in contact tracing of the affected person, who was arrested by the police in a case relating to the torching of a house.
16058	Officials claimed that one trialled by the Gamaleya institute in Moscow has reached advanced stages of development and is about to pass state registration.
16059	Officials have also used credit cards to track almost 500 people, who have been asked to get tested and self-quarantine.
16060	Officials said GDOT is doing studies to see where noise barriers are needed, which may mean removing and relocating some existing barriers.
16061	Officials said the demand would be considered.
16062	Officials say COVID-19 hotspots have emerged in the Western and Eastern Cape and require targeted efforts to track and trace contacts.
16063	Officials say servers and kitchen staff must also wear face masks and delivery and pick-up is still encouraged.
16064	Officials were urging caution in other parts of California as well.
16065	Official White House Juneteenth Graphic Noticeably Emphasizes the Words ‘Triumph Over Darkness’
16066	Official word on that will hopefully come soon, Carlascio said.
16067	Offsetting these increases in noninterest income year over year were decreases of in losses on securities transactions and in income on bank owned life insurance.
16068	Ofsted chief Amanda Spielman said there is a “great deal of logic” in first moving younger kids back into the classroom.
16069	Of, sticks and stones broke bones but even then, you knew that there’s no sharper weapon than a word said in anger or misunderstanding.
16070	Oftentimes, stepping forward and getting help is the hardest step.
16071	"Oftentimes we recognize that our mere presence will even escalate the situation," said Brad MacConnell.
16072	Of the 20 deaths reported on Saturday, 13 were residents of long-term care homes.
16073	Of the 847 patients in the intensive care units (ICUs), 293 are in Bengaluru, 93 in Dharwad, 80 in Ballari, 54 in Hassan and 40 in Kalaburagi district.
16074	Of the 8.71 lakh cases, active cases have plummeted to 6,166.
16075	Of the coronavirus deaths, 81 were in Hubei province, where the virus has infected the most people by far.
16076	Of the eight new cases reported on Tuesday, so far, three are in Osun, three are in the FCT, one in Lagos and one in Ogun State.
16077	Of them, 2,337 are in home isolation.
16078	Of the net-catching methods, bottom trawling and dredging are some of the worst offenders, often destroying sensitive ecosystems that do not respond well to disturbance.
16079	Of the officially recognised symptoms a fever was the fourth most common - at 85 per cent within five days.
16080	Of the previous five, the 1987 game is the only one Minnesota has won.
16081	Of these cases, 92 residents and 82 staff have tested positive to date.
16082	Of this number, fewer than 100 were black, and many were eventually forced to resign due to racial bigotry.
16083	Of those, 14% said they had missed rent or bill payments.
16084	Of those TV shows, was by far the most successful, running for a decade on Showtime and Syfy before ending in 2007.
16085	Ogunlana cited the military’s claim before the panel that their operation on that day was on the invitation of the governor as a reason for this move.
16086	Ogunsanya said the sureties should be gainfully employed and have evidence of two years tax payment to the Lagos State Government.
16087	O'Halloran never got to meet him but is continuing the legacy by wearing his old number 33.
16088	Oh, and perhaps some of the money being spent on these environmental upgrades would have been better directed towards cleaning up the beach, which is currently littered with abandoned boats and garbage, leaching who knows what pollutants into the bay.
16089	Oh, and the fact that the standard Type R delivers 99.9% of this Limited Edition model’s ability for about £6k less.
16090	Oh, and we had a phenomenal draft last year.
16091	Oh, and we’re going to do a ‘Lost in Space’ reissue, too, so that’s the next thing I have to start getting busy on.” she says.
16092	O’Han will most likely be finished with basketball after this season.
16093	Oh how the times they are a changin'.
16094	'Oh my god, he's alive!
16095	Oh no, you must not touch my precious A-10!
16096	Oh Say Are you able tⲟ Say Whаt’s the Weather Toⅾay?
16097	Oh wait you're serious.
16098	“Oh well, people flip each other off all the time during traffic.”
16099	Oh yeah, and keep washing your hands.”
16100	Oh yeah, it was the Royal Rumble, when he kicked in the head and made Paul Heyman’s new client his “bitch”.
16101	Oil is the autonomous administration’s principal source of income.
16102	Oil prices surged on news of the airstrike and markets were mixed.
16103	Oil sands sites are running with fewer workers due to the pandemic, and many are reducing production amid low prices.
16104	Oil tankers are seen anchored in the Pacific Ocean carrying crude oil no one will buy.
16105	Oita Prefecture confirmed two new coronavirus infections at a medical center on Sunday, bringing the total at the facility to 14 and making it a suspected cluster, Kyodo news service said.
16106	OKB (OKB) traded down 1.1% against the dollar and now trades at $6.16 or 0.00057292 BTC.
16107	Oke said the investigation was necessary following the reports of the growing number of MDAs that refused to submit their Reports to the OAGF.
16108	Oklahoma City’s wins came by 12 (in overtime), three and and four.
16109	Oklahoma health officials said the rally and accompanying protests "likely contributed" to a surge in infections in the city.
16110	Oklahoma linebacker Kenneth Murray said he met with the Las Vegas Raiders staff during the 2020 NFL scouting combine and that the meetings went well.
16111	Ok Marshall, who be your IPO?
16112	OK, maybe that last part is a little over the top but also don’t forget C.J. Anderson, hardly the most athletic/talented running back in Broncos history, was the motor behind the 2015 World Champion Denver Broncos below average offense.
16113	OK, maybe users don’t want a personalized analysis of their time spent on the ubiquitous dating app, but the company used its metadata to offer some noninvasive global observations.
16114	Okoye said that accordingly, the commission had decided to postpone the bye-elections in the six Senatorial Districts and nine State constituencies.
16115	“OK,” your partner agrees.
16116	Oladeinde is a researcher at the USDA’s National Poultry Research Center in Athens.
16117	Oladimeji, who resides in the Ajah area of Lagos, disclosed this while reacting to the Army’s recent feat against the fleeing terrorists.
16118	Ola Michael expressed utter disappointment in the musician for making such a blanket statement, and not singling out the media stations and personalities who have been paid to pull him down and make him irrelevant in the entertainment industry.
16119	Olander added: “To that end, one of the big changes we made this season was the aftercare packages for the eliminated contestants.
16120	Old Big East’s new name?
16121	Older drivers will remember that way back in the day, decades ago, a typical pump offered leaded, unleaded and premium unleaded gas.
16122	Older people, and people with other medical conditions (such as asthma, diabetes, or heart disease), may be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill, kidney failure and even death.
16123	Older players will now shift up to the Under-23s to make room, while all the club's youngsters look to emulate the success had by youth products in the first team.
16124	Older skinheads - some in their 20s - would egg him on to fight and commit violence.
16125	Oldfield Partners LLP grew its stake in shares of Embraer by 5.8% during the third quarter.
16126	Olga Sharypova said last month that the 23-year-old Zverev tried to strangle her with a pillow before last year’s U.S. Open.
16127	Oli did get on with one of his siblings, named Sterling, and the older man flew to London to stay with him for a week.
16128	Olin has a 12-month low of $14.55 and a 12-month high of $27.32.
16129	Olivia’s health began to decline as the alleged abuse continued, to the point where she had to use a feeding tube because her nutrition was deficient.
16130	Olmsted County reported 21 new positive cases Thursday, raising its total to nearly 1600.
16131	Ologbondiyan added that the government has no justification to increase the cost of fuel to anything above N100 per liter, let alone N170.
16132	Olujimi Hotonu, during an inspection of the Pen Cinema Flyover, Agege, on Friday, January 3, 2020.
16133	Olusoga argued that it’s not just broadcasters that need to be held accountable.
16134	Olympics paraded a midfield marshaled by Gladson Awako, Stephen Okai and Emmanuel Amartey that sprayed the bumpy pitch with beautiful inter-positional passes that left the Division One side chasing their shadows.
16135	Omaha returns to action on Sunday, Feb. 16, welcoming Denver to Baxter Arena at 4:30 p.m.
16136	Omah Lay used to write music for music artists, but he decided to step up to become an artist because he was not given much credit for his writing efforts.
16137	Oman under Qaboos emerged as a trusted mediator in a number of disputes, helping defuse the 2013 US- Iran standoff; and playing a key role reaching a nuclear deal between Iran and big powers, including the US, in 2015.
16138	Omar’s book fills in details of her life in Somalia before the country’s government collapsed in 1991, forcing her family to flee.
16139	Omega Healthcare Investors is a good investment choice for the dividend income investor with its above-average dividend yield of 8.9% and fair total return potential.
16140	On 18 December 1878, Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani unified all the local tribes by combating external forces, such as the United Kingdom.
16141	On 2/22/20, a Nederland Officer was present at the time a female suspect was contacted by staff at the B&F Market as she was leaving the store.
16142	On 2/29/20, a Black Hawk officer received a phone report regarding a lost cell phone which occurred at the Lodge Casino.
16143	On 26 July, the Province revealed a proposal to rezone the Somerset Hospital Precinct for businesses and housing, including some affordable housing units.
16144	On 27 September an article in the Times quoted an anonymous government source who said an “all out war” is “being waged on the broadcaster by the government … the most concerted attack it has ever faced”.
16145	On 2 January Lebanon received a "red notice" from Interpol for Mr Ghosn's arrest - a request to detain a person pending extradition, surrender or other legal action.
16146	On a 2010 visit to Mani Bhavan, where Gandhi stayed in Mumbai, he wrote: “I am filled with hope and inspiration as I have the privilege to view this testament to Gandhi's life.
16147	On a final note Your Excellency, you will be in our prayers, and we are grateful to God Almighty for opening the doors of opportunities for the people of Guyana.
16148	On a final, unrelated note, you’re probably aware by now that, after more than 18 months since the start of the U.S.-China trade war, a meaningful agreement was finally reached between President Donald Trump and Chinese trade representatives.
16149	Onal Arab consensus that there could be no normalization with Israel before the institution of an independent Palestinian state.
16150	On albums past, there is so much music there!
16151	On a Mac with MacOS Catalina 10.15 or later, you can do this by opening Finder and then clicking on your iPhone.
16152	On another is Francis Marion’s powder horn and Christopher Gadsden’s hatpin.
16153	On a per-share basis, the Denver-based company said it had net income of $1.58.
16154	On a personal level, he and his family have worked to identify their own biases and privileges, such as how his White ancestors received benefits not available to people of color, creating generational wealth and opportunities that trickled down to him.
16155	On April 24, Ash released her new single which shows off her bright and energetic songwriting abilities.
16156	On April 30th the club heard from Jim Amidon, the Chief of Staff to the President's Office and Director of Strategic Communications for Wabash College.
16157	On April 6, 2020, the Lord decided it was time for her to grow her wings.
16158	On a technology front, operators continually strive for a safer industry, but it isn’t always easy.
16159	On August 16, sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik created a sand art of Dhoni and Raina.
16160	On August 18, the Abakaliki Prison, Ebonyi State, was thrown into pandemonium following a foiled jailbreak.
16161	On average, analysts expect that Ladder Capital will report full-year earnings of $1.53 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.46 to $1.59.
16162	On average, analysts forecast that Arista Networks, Inc. will post 7.66 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
16163	On average, analysts forecast that Colgate-Palmolive will post 2.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
16164	On average, equities research analysts predict that Autodesk will post 2.76 EPS for the current year.
16165	On aviation turbine fuel (ATF), the ratings agency said it expects November 2020 prices are still lower by 33.1 per cent on a YoY basis.
16166	On behalf of all of us at Straight A’s, we are committed to being your partner and persevering together in all the days and years ahead.
16167	On behalf of our patients, employees and providers we want to thank all of you for your efforts in keeping our community safe.
16168	Once a claim has been filed in court, the insurance insiders collude with the lawyers representing the insurer to make a fake change of advocates and slide it into the claim file.
16169	Once again, he’ll play a lead role in whatever success Thomas Dale will have.
16170	Once again the developers of Bay Harbour Marina Village on Main St. have petitioned the county to accept yet another proposal that does not seem to fix the citizens of San Carlos Island’s concerns.
16171	Once again, this is an act of elevating a person’s words over the Speech of Allah (i.e. the Qur’an), if at any time we reject the clear revelation and instead act upon or embrace the contrary teachings of a person.
16172	Once a swab is taken, Sweetwater Memorial sends most specimens out to the reference laboratory for testing.
16173	Once completed the project will increase Sasol’s capacity for chemical production in the US.
16174	Once conventions and tourism return, we want to show what we can perform for audiences inside any space.”
16175	Once fully operational, the New Rochelle facility will be able to test up to 500 people per day.
16176	Once he had won and was able to make his choice between the two, his intention was to resurrect Ravonna, but after using the Avengers as pawns to win the game, he realized that he couldn’t go through with it.
16177	Once he starts watching the video replay, I think he realizes he just went off Esa Lindell’s reaction and pointed to the net….
16178	Once inside, pick an area that has a stable temperature between 60-70F day round.
16179	Once it’s good to go, you need to create an account, provide basic information about yourself, and, crucially, agree not to share your car on other platforms.
16180	Once landed work will be undertaken to bury the cable on the beach, where no adverse impact is expected.
16181	Once locked, it can only be unlocked from your phone with facial recognition or a fingerprint scanner.
16182	Once Lucy finds a potential CAFO, a human must confirm whether the tool was right or wrong, which strengthens Lucy’s ability to make accurate identifications.
16183	Once mechanically bolted in place, electrical, fuel, and various other lines will be hooked up and the whole engine/aircraft combination system tested.
16184	Once Minister Ryan was woken up, he voted against the motion, which had sought to secure more protections for workers such as a living wage, protection against precarious work and the valuing of essential workers.
16185	Once on paper, second time with a camera, third time in the editing and then in the spectator’s mind,” he said.
16186	Once people taste their own baked bread I don't think they can go back to plastic-wrapped bread.
16187	Once preregistration has been completed, participants will receive dial-in numbers, a direct event passcode, and a unique registrant ID.
16188	Once released, Clorastan® disrupts and penetrates dental biofilm, killing the microbial pathogens living within and inhibiting their regrowth.
16189	Once schools reopen, the two sets of students will not be on the same level or able to compete equally in national exams, Kenyan education experts said.
16190	Once shops opened in neighbouring districts and on Chennai’s outskirts, people started procuring and stocking liquor, said a Tasmac official.
16191	Once stacked, the SLS rocket will stand taller than the Statue of Liberty and have about 15 per cent more thrust at liftoff than the Apollo programme Saturn V rocket, making it the most powerful rocket ever built, NASA said.
16192	Once that transpired, it made a sixth installment seem like a near certainty.
16193	“Once the application was accepted, we had to go through modules and tests over the modules to ensure that our interactions with the students and our methods of tutoring were satisfactory.”
16194	Once the dough was how she wanted it, Wolfe started turning out puffy little pizzas, topped with everything from butternut squash and honeycomb or fermented plums to spicy salami.
16195	“Once the pharma company would submit the safety and immunogenicity data of phase 2, it would be analysed by the expert panel, and then they can proceed for the phase 3 trial,” the official added.
16196	Once the police receive a complaint from the aggrieved party in a criminal case, they have to conduct an investigation and build the case in order to bring it to the court.
16197	Once the preserve of dishevelled beach bums, the pared-back sandal was resurrected during Copenhagen Fashion Week SS19, when editors and influencers alike were seen sporting Haivanas with their - very expensive - ensembles.
16198	Once there, the men assaulted the victims, kicking them in the head, before tying their hands behind their backs and demanding money.
16199	Once they arrived at her place, Hankison allegedly invited himself inside and placed himself on the couch as Borders went to her room to change.
16200	Once they make it outside, Albert introduces the two blonde boys to the authorities as his actual brothers.
16201	Once they’re done, it’s just popcorn balls all day long.
16202	Once they turn yellow, they’re not suitable for making pickled plums and other products.
16203	Once this is achieved, the sector is projected to rake in a minimum of $4 billion (Shs 14.6 trillion).
16204	Once Turner’s injury changed the timetable, Vescovi showed he’s such a fast learner that Barnes immediately gave him a featured role.
16205	Once upon a time, not so long ago, Alberta's New Democrats hoped Premier Jason Kenney would not stay long in provincial politics.
16206	Once you can be yourself around other people, they’ll treat you with more trust.
16207	Once you get it, you're immune to it, which has already been proven wrong (it's not entirely true with the chicken pox either).
16208	Once you have your essentials covered, consider temporarily paying only the minimum on and credit cards.
16209	Once your vehicle crosses a toll gate, you will get an SMS with details of deduction.
16210	On CNN Wednesday, Ginsberg to Trump’s victory declaration by calling it a “distressing moment” for him.
16211	On December 19, 2019, a regional court convicted the mastermind, his brother, and 26 accomplices, and issued prison sentences of up to 40 years.
16212	“On December 30, a young man rented the Coolidge Screening Room for a surprise proposal to his girlfriend.
16213	On December 30, he shared a photo with his three children captioned "Goodnight my beautiful babies.
16214	One 2011 study by Albert Klumpp, named in part “Fear the Irish Women,” found a female and Irish name offers an advantage of 14.7% and 10.5%, respectively.
16215	One adviser said the campaign wants to avoid providing any insights about its operation to Democrats.
16216	One aide left a wet sheet under a resident whose catheter was leaking.
16217	One area that needs to come under Amisom's grip are the illegal trade networks.
16218	On Earth-38, Kara Danvers suited up as Supergirl, and allied with the DEO against the threat of Myriad.
16219	One Bitrue Coin token can now be bought for about $0.0459 or 0.00000285 BTC on major exchanges.
16220	"One bizarrely suggested: "That dark snow around that opening is from UFO exhaust fumes."
16221	One bout of measles usually leaves someone immune for life — an effect known as sterilizing immunity.
16222	One can say that Kadhimi was taking a risk when setting a date for early elections at a time when security, technical, legal and even political conditions are less than ideal.
16223	One change to the program is shifting the weekly schedule to have community days — a day in which participants do not attend their internship but spend time together for convocation and group dinner — on Fridays instead of Wednesdays.
16224	One claim happens to be zinc.
16225	One Climate has joined up with anti-occupation group Combatants for Peace and the Arava Institute to appeal the plan.
16226	One CoinUs token can currently be purchased for approximately $0.0016 or 0.00000016 BTC on popular cryptocurrency exchanges including DigiFinex and Allbit.
16227	One ColossusXT coin can now be bought for about $0.0004 or 0.00000004 BTC on major cryptocurrency exchanges including CryptoBridge, Novaexchange, Trade Satoshi and Cryptopia.
16228	One could even say one “gets” to make a decision.
16229	One could see her from any point in the school, and she always looked big.
16230	One couple from Sale in Gippsland drove 185km to Dandenong in the city to buy “specific vegetables that their baby liked” on September 12, while another dad travelled from Cranbourne to Dandenong to purchase bread his daughter liked on September 19.
16231	One day, it hit me: What if I presented the story in the form of an awards ceremony, and interviewed each "winner" on a screen next to me?
16232	"One death is unacceptable, 50 deaths a day, and we are headed already, right?
16233	One Digital Insurance Token token can now be bought for approximately $0.0044 or 0.00000043 BTC on major cryptocurrency exchanges including IDEX and HitBTC.
16234	One does have to wonder why they are “reminding” dead people to vote, too, especially three times.
16235	One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock.
16236	One estimate put the value of the area's legal marijuana crop at about $20 million.
16237	One Everus coin can currently be bought for $0.0175 or 0.00000155 BTC on major exchanges including $32.15, $24.68, $18.94 and $33.94.
16238	One factor behind the state’s first five-figure caseload in five days is the fact they were detected among 116,081 tests, following a dip in testing over holiday weekend.
16239	“One family had to share the information with son and the response was, ‘Am I going to die?’
16240	One family of three paid nearly $8,000 for three one-way tickets from Paris to New York.
16241	One, for example, recently emailed me a pornographic joke referencing the killing of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer, Derek Chauvin, playing off Floyd’s cry of “I can’t breathe.”
16242	One gave it five stars and wrote: 'Bought this a month ago and I have been told I haven't snored since.
16243	One goal of this Center is to make it so that students no longer have to advocate for their right to be themselves.
16244	One has a Michael Kors satchel purse and the other a Kate Spade crossbody purse.
16245	One hopeful sign is the fact that the more is known about the disease, the better the measures can be targeted, Groningen virologist Bert Niesters said.
16246	One hopes Meadowcroft paid for this ad.
16247	One important caution: A longtime NFL offensive assistant who was interested in a position with the Giants this offseason said Tanney’s role in Jones’ rookie success cannot be overstated.
16248	One individual reportedly had a near-miss collision with a train on the tracks, just prior to CN Rail being made aware of the blockade.
16249	One innovative attempt to cure the ’s instability was to introduce “drooped” wingtips—a technique now widely employed in gliders and light planes.
16250	One in three children aged 10 to 11 are meanwhile overweight or obese, and children living with obesity are five times more likely to become obese adults.
16251	One is also accused of offensive behaviour and the other of hindering police.
16252	One is happy with the decision, while the other would rather be surrounded by others in class.
16253	One is tempted to say that we would still be able to feed and clothe and shelter and tend to the illnesses of our fellow ex-bean counters.
16254	One is the Health Insurance Program and the second is the Yacht/Fleet Insurance Program.
16255	One key player who was there was Javontay Boddie, who had a huge night with 30 points while pulling down eight rebounds, and he had six steals and six assists.
16256	One load served my entire property for a season.
16257	One local vacation rental currently is housing a traveling nurse.
16258	“One major risk is the possibility of acquiring other infections from the donor plasma,” Suresh said.
16259	One major source of uncertainty is now gone, factory managers say.
16260	One male, 73, who was hospitalized.
16261	“One man I know from the L.A. Philharmonic said to me, ‘Thank god there’s some great music I can listen to.’
16262	One man's misery is another man's opportunity to bag a bargain.
16263	One may wonder whether I am being very measured and fair in my comment?
16264	One might assume that Nvidia’s multiple will remain lower than AMD’s, but significantly higher than the more mature competitor Intel (which currently trades at a forward P/E of 10x).
16265	“One misconception about window film is that it has to be dark or shiny to block energy,” Smith says.
16266	One must also express sympathy for the youth who apparently received unwarranted and unwanted attention, together with his family.
16267	One obstacle to a deal is likely to present itself in the form of Archant's pension deficit, which runs to tens of millions of pounds.
16268	One of Donald Trump's biggest problems is that he thinks he is smarter than literally anybody else.
16269	One of hip-hop’s crucial acts, New York collective the Wu-Tang Clan redefined the genre in the 1990s, but having nine distinct members meant that they soon splintered into nine solo careers that were difficult, if not impossible, to co-ordinate.
16270	One of his lawyers, Peter Gall, concluded the last of about 200 days of the trial by saying the threshold for when patients should get treatment in private clinics is when they've waited beyond wait-time benchmarks established by the province.
16271	One of its members, California Rep. Tony Cárdenas, said last week that the party’s message to Latinos needed to change “,” referencing its underperformance among the demographic during November’s elections.
16272	One of Lorraine’s hobbies was collecting anything from unicorns to porcelain dolls.
16273	“One of my favorite spring nail looks is crisp clean color blocking,” she says.
16274	One of my responsibilities is to pay attention to that.”
16275	One of my Temecula favorites is Doffo Winery.
16276	One of Oliver Mtukudzi’s greatest hits, ‘Wasakara’.
16277	One of Ord’s goals is to help us imagine better, sooner.
16278	One of our focus is on the issue of identity and seeing yourself as God sees you.
16279	One of our top Nashville choices is an eatery called Cock on the Walk where fried catfish gets top billing.
16280	One of the aggrieved pensioners, Ebenezer Ibekwe told newsmen that they were first attacked by the thugs who poured buckets of water on them and hauled water sachets on the senior citizens.
16281	One of the benefits of running a home-based bakery instead of a bakery with a storefront is that there aren’t any overhead costs or rent for operating out of your own home, though that brings its own complications, Barney said.
16282	One of the best things about the original cartoons in all of their iterations was the mystery.
16283	One of the biggest loopholes within the bill is the so-called pass-through loophole, which created a 20 percent deduction of business income for owners of businesses such as S corporations or LLCs—opening up a number of new gaming opportunities.
16284	One of the biggest things is he doesn’t consistently block to the whistle, especially when pass blocking.
16285	One of the couple's friends, E! News and Today Show entertainment journalist Jason Kennedy, wrote in the comment section, "One of the top moments of my life doing this with you."
16286	One of the cruelest ways for a Bachelor or Bachelorette to try and give someone the message that they’re not wanted is to simply ditch them, which is what Clare did with Bennett so that she could go and spend more time with Dale.
16287	One of the devs in the video explains that everyone was too nervous to touch the code, otherwise, something might break.
16288	One of the differences comes up with the character of Edgar — with whom Lily shares a date, and later, a drunken kiss.
16289	One of the elderly victims was Winnie Tilley, 86, who died four days after first developing a cough.
16290	One of the machines holds two ends of the tube together while the other drives along the tube, changing the overall shape of the robot moving its corners.
16291	One of them, Daniel Winocour, when asked if he was a scholar, shrugged.
16292	One of them is a 37-year-old who had arrived from Italy and he is currently being treated at the Polonnaruwa Hospital.
16293	One of them is pregnant and due to lay eggs very soon.
16294	One of the most popular guesses among fans already for who Bale might play is Beta Ray Bill, the horse-like alien that has been a fan favorite to appear in the MCU for years.
16295	One of the most significant episodes was the attack on Baramulla on the night of October 26-27.
16296	"One of the principals we used right from day one, on what to do and what not to do, was to support Dr. Henry and her recommendations and not second guess what’s going on and follow that, and it has worked well," he said.
16297	One of the protesters talked to Fox News 26 about the fight.
16298	One of these weeks, Tony is not going to accumulate the most fantasy points, and the 30-plus percent who deploy him at MVP will be drawing dead.
16299	“One of the solutions to the causes is the gap between the dysfunctional home and the school.”
16300	One of the suspects grabbed the missionary's phone and threw it across the street.
16301	One of the suspects is currently in custody while the other is being pursued.
16302	One of the take aways from the protest is that the nation must learn from the protests, that young Nigerians have raised the stakes in their substantive participation in all matters that determine how citizens of the country live now and in the future.
16303	One of the things missing from the Constitution?
16304	One of the things that was a real boost to me last year was a 30-day food cleanse that left me feeling stronger and more in control of my physical health.
16305	One of the truly positive developments in the months since the 2018 World Cup.
16306	One of the values we talk about is togetherness.
16307	One of the vehicles in his convoy was involved in an accident on NH-65.
16308	“One of the ways a person becomes a three-star general is by being a good soldier, taking orders, being part of a team and trusting people who provide information and support,” he wrote.
16309	One of those farmers lives right here in our Golden Triangle.
16310	One of those formerly secret locations, Natanz, housed centrifuges for enriching uranium, which could be used in civilian nuclear reactors or enriched further for weapons.
16311	One of those headlines where I think for a negligible amount of a second, 'did they catch him?'
16312	One of those revered judges that stood out as exceptionally brilliant, incorruptible, upright, principled and passionate about development of Lagos State is the late Justice Oluwa.
16313	One on one talent wise, Rice is not even close.
16314	One Open Platform token can currently be purchased for approximately $0.0008 or 0.00000009 BTC on cryptocurrency exchanges including Gate.io and Kucoin.
16315	One open question is whether Betelgeuse will continue to dim or will rebound in brightness.
16316	One option for Strictly Come Dancing, a highlight of the BBC’s autumn schedule, is to hold it without an audience and put the participants in long-term isolation together while the show is on air.
16317	One other very novel development that has escaped due glory from the media is the signing into law of the Companies and Allied Matters Act, CAMA 2020, by Mr. President.
16318	One person was killed and at least 20 were injured on Saturday as Tripura Police lathi-charged and opened fire at people who are on an indefinite strike against the state government’s formula to resettle Bru migrants from Mizoram.
16319	One person who has heard Mr. Kelly speak in private settings confirmed that he had made such remarks.”
16320	One poll conducted in Texas found that 59% of voters who had moved there from Marxifornia voted conservative.
16321	One pollster, for example, actually got things right in 2016.
16322	One possible answer is that voters prefer politicians whose principles they share, and will re-elect lawmakers who promote those principles while in office.
16323	One possible answer is to adopt strategies that have been discussed recently: Move supply chains back to Japan or shift to a “China Plus” concept, or produce locally only as much as is consumed, among other options.
16324	One prominent voice calling for a move to level 1 is Deputy Prime Minister Winston Peters, who says the health risks are outweighed by the need to address the economic devastation.
16325	One provision bans “inciting hatred” towards the government.
16326	‘One reasonable approach would be to define community Covid-related deaths as those that occurred within 21 days of a Covid positive test result.
16327	“One reason advanced for this is the fact that the trolley systems extend to all the more densely populated suburban districts, and a schedule to accommodate the residents of these sections is maintained.”
16328	One, recast the role.
16329	One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock.
16330	One Response to “Escambia Adds One Death, 200 New COVID-19 Cases Saturday; State Sets New One-Day Increase Record”
16331	One sector where it is relatively easy to quantify how much damage was done by the pandemic, and when the impact of the pandemic will end or has ended for it, is the agency mREITs.
16332	One sheep died as a direct result of the incident, with the flesh torn from its right rear leg, and another died the following day.
16333	One silver lining to the COVID-19 crisis is that this may soon change.
16334	One solution to the death of history and civics might be to move more history teaching from the classroom and into the public spaces where people can choose to learn on their own.
16335	One such is Kate Ovens, who has 68,000 subscribers on You Tube and 83,500 Instagram followers.
16336	One such problem, as infectious disease expert Professor Lindsay Grayson has pointed out, is the systematic de-medicalisation of the DHHS.
16337	One superhero who won’t kill because of his code vs one antihero who’s happy to — because of his code.
16338	One thing about my marriage is, it's never involved me to send hush money to a porn star" https://t.
16339	“One thing I think they did nicely was show if they inject this signal of dark matter decay, if they faked this signal in the dataset, the method would be able to recover it,” Kerstin Perez, physics professor at MIT, told Gizmodo.
16340	One thing that remains in view is the Battery Maritime Building at 10 South Street.
16341	One thing they don't understand is why it happened all of a sudden.
16342	One thing to keep in mind that it currently does not work with Stasis subclasses, so players will need to use the classic trio to maximize the benefits of this gear.
16343	One Thought to “EPL: Arteta gets first win with United victory, as City survive Everton scare”
16344	One time restructuring of corporate loans announcement bode well for the equity markets.
16345	One tiny quip in Thursday's presidential debate sparked an interesting Google search spike.
16346	One tweet paired with a demonic image of Swift was written in the Ethiopian language Amharic saying: 'Anyone who comes after the Dark Queen, Taylor Swift, dies alone and will be burned forever.
16347	One UI 3.0 will also be optimised for the Galaxy Z Fold 2 allowing the apps to adjust to the main screen when unfolded, and vice versa.
16348	One undocumented immigrant who called himself Fernando said he lost his restaurant job during the crisis and had no pay.
16349	One unique thing about the C190 is that it recognises everyone in the work place including men, women, girls, boys, workers, and interns.
16350	One unnamed source told the that 'at some point the Government will need to think about all the industries and businesses that might be severely impaired'.
16351	One vital set of figures authorities will be nervously awaiting are the results of serological studies, due to be unveiled before the end of the month.
16352	One was a category of alleged scandals described using the suffix "-gate," such as "Pizzagate" and "Obamagate."
16353	One way that the USPS deals with variations in demand is by spending more on staffing, including overtime.
16354	One way to judge whether coronavirus deaths might be being under-reported was to search overall fatality statistics for deaths in excess of normal levels.
16355	One way you can earn via GTBank Make Money is by selling airtime and data.
16356	OneWeb said it expects to close the ownership transfer by the end of the year.
16357	One week later, each country threatened to halt the supply of life-saving medical supplies and life-saving medical personnel in each direction.
16358	One who replied to Ice-T’s original tweet, saying he “looks like a certified clown for hitting send” was met with this from the 62-year-old: “And you’re quite possibly the Dumbest MFn Clowna.
16359	One wonders how they would be able to prove their case to the security details at these traffic stops.
16360	'One Woodstone nest box and one blackbird nest box would be suitable options.
16361	One would shudder to imagine how much of the begging pie the Chinese would go for.
16362	"One would the end of any prospect of a US-UK trade deal."
16363	One would think that his brothers would have been interested in helping him become a great ruler as he had dreamed, after all, they would have been the great rulers brothers.
16364	On Feb. 23, the statement added, “the CDC ordered COVID-19 testing of the patient, and the patient was put on airborne precautions and strict contact precautions, because of our concerns about the patient’s condition.”
16365	On Feb. 3, 2020, Limbaugh admitted to his audience that he’d been diagnosed with advanced stage lung cancer and may have to miss some upcoming broadcasts as he begins treatment.
16366	On February 12, it locked down an entire rural community of 10,000 people north of Hanoi for 20 days over seven coronavirus cases — the first large-scale lockdown known outside China.
16367	On February 23, 2020, at approximately 7:20 a.m., officers from the Charles County Sheriff’s Office Traffic Operations Unit responded to the 8100 block of Annapolis Woods Road in Welcome, for the report of a single vehicle crash.
16368	On "Feeling Different," Eazzyy speaks candidly on the riff's in his community caused by fame and the paranoia that notoriety brings.
16369	On fishing, he said the gap was "unfortunately very large", and he called for the EU to "move further before an understanding can be reached" on state aid.
16370	ON FOX50 at 10: It is going to be genuinely COLD tonight!
16371	On Friday, a day after the alleged incident, McGregor attended a Calvi bash with fiancée Dee Devlin, 33.
16372	On Friday, a World Health Organization guidelines panel advised against using the antiviral remdesivir for hospitalized patients, saying there’s no evidence it improves survival or avoids the need for breathing machines.
16373	On Friday, Blom turned 116 years old and he had only one wish for his birthday - to have a smoke.
16374	On Friday, China’s Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said: “For such absurd remarks I am not interested in commenting at all.”
16375	On Friday, data from the National Bureau of Statistics showed the Chinese economy shrank 6.8% in the first three months of 2020, the first such contraction since 1976 when the country was convulsed by the Cultural Revolution.
16376	On Friday, Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell that he and his colleagues stand ready to intervene as necessary to stabilize the economy.
16377	On Friday in the US the personal income and spending data for February is issued with the (final) March reading on consumer sentiment.
16378	On Friday, Maharashtra’s chief minister, Uddhav Thackery, said the chain of infection had not been broken but dispelled rumours the army might be called in to help.
16379	On Friday, Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said violence among criminal groups has persisted despite the outbreak of the new coronavirus in the country.
16380	On Friday opposition parties and civil society organisations called for protests against alleged government corruption, injustice and misgovernment, among a plethora of challenges.
16381	On Friday, she shared a full statement, pleading with Disney to move the reboot to Hulu.
16382	On Friday,the BSE benchmark index tumbled 536 points as finance and bank stocks skidded following the announcement.
16383	On Friday, the company also took action against a far-right British commentator who Trump has retweeted several times.
16384	On Friday, the confirmed cases surpassed 5,000 for the first time since the outbreak in February, bringing the total to 252,075.
16385	On Friday, the countess — who is married to the Queen’s youngest son Prince Edward — joined other volunteers to help put together care packages for healthcare workers at her local hospital, Frimley Park, in Surrey.
16386	On Friday, the Latvian government decided not to impose a 14-day self-isolation requirement on arrivals from Estonia and Lithuania this week as both countries were just under the 16 per 100,000 limit.
16387	On Friday, the mayor, who is a Democrat, spoke with CNN, and he encouraged President Trump again to reconsider his trip to Baltimore.
16388	On Friday, the state reported the first death of a child under 18 years old, but the governor said there was no evidence that the death of the child was caused by the mysterious syndrome that has killed three children in New York.
16389	On Friday visitor arrivals outstripped returning residents, 223 to 187. On Saturday, 315 residents returned to the state, along with 118 visitors.
16390	On good days, he can earn a thousand pesos (roughly US $21), but it’s not unusual for him to go home without a single catch, especially since the dolomite has been dumped to “beautify” Manila Bay.
16391	On guns, though, the court looks for the first time to have a clear majority that is hostile to gun regulation.
16392	On her other hand, there’s “let it go” and “surrender.”
16393	On his final outing in the US he was planning to leap a shark-infested tank.
16394	On his flight to Agra, India, Trump told reporters on Air Force One that he’d never been to the UNESCO world heritage site before.
16395	On his knees, Arbery says: “So in the park chilling, then, that’s a crime?”
16396	On his part, Dedan Mungai, Odibets General Manager stated, "Odibets has come in to boost the national team and as a company we are committed to stand with the team through thick and thin.
16397	“On hot summer days, in tough road conditions and was always the first to arrive.”
16398	On Jake Pavelka's season, Rozlyn Papa was accused of having an affair with someone who works on the show.
16399	"On January 5th, 27 officers from across the globe arrived at Hurlburt Field to start their journey; they have worked tirelessly over the past 18 weeks, learning and honing their operational planning skills."
16400	On July 19, 1949 Their Majesties were quietly engaged in Lausanne.
16401	On July 1st there will be a "Back the Blue" event to support police officers at the Twin Falls City Park.
16402	On July 21, Sarina had written a letter to the SC Registrar’s Office, wherein she stated that the FBR commissioner was proceeding in her matter with “indecent haste”, despite the fact that she delivered her second reply over his rejoinder on July 21.
16403	On June 17, the Met's Directorate of Professional Standards was informed of allegations that "non-official and inappropriate photographs" had been taken by police at the crime scene.
16404	On June 2, 2010, Galarraga retired the first 26 Cleveland Indians batters in order, then induced a ground ball between first and second base by Jason Donald.
16405	On June 22, she was the recipient of an overwhelming vote of no confidence by the Faculty Organization Senate.
16406	On June 2, Sgt. William Maher, was struck by a hit-and-run driver during looting in The Bronx.
16407	Online community building https://icebreaker.
16408	Onlookers watch as fire fighters onboard a vessel try to extinguish a fire on the tanker ship docked in Belawan.
16409	Only 24 hours after Mitchell Starc had charged into the all-time Australian top 10 wicket takers, it was another day of milestones for the team's all-conquering pace trio.
16410	Only about a quarter (26%) say the more effective path to recovery is to reopen businesses and schools even if there hasn’t been a significant decline in infections.
16411	Only a fraction of those selected to undertake the OTC manage to complete it.
16412	Only a handful of Iranian advisors in Syria have been killed over the years and as per the statements from Hezbollah, very few of their members have been killed either.
16413	Only a miracle can save them.
16414	Only Bernie and Warren, among the current field, could beat Trump, and of the two Bernie seems best placed to win the nomination.
16415	Only by coming together will the world be able to face down the COVID-19 pandemic and its shattering consequences.
16416	Only cash is accepted for admissions and food purchases.
16417	Only four NHL defensemen have scored more points than Theodore since Jan.
16418	Only grace and Janet, my wife, rescued me.
16419	Only if you assume there is a 100% detection rate, and every case is caught.
16420	“Only losing one out of our last 10 is a great achievement, especially winning nine of those games, and only Hythe are near us with that, so the good thing is that we go into Saturday in a good vein of form.
16421	Only once Asher gives the okay does the legislation return to the plenum for the final two readings, which are usually done together.
16422	Only players and essential team personnel will be allowed inside.
16423	Only purely religious services will be permitted.
16424	Only residents who have been nominated, approved and listed at Karaglen will be eligible for parcel collections.
16425	Only science, honesty, prudence and genuine concern for public safety will work now.
16426	Only then it will help us in preparing better for teams like India and Afghanistan,” said Salahuddin, who for the first time talked to the media today since recovering from coronavirus.
16427	Only two persons.
16428	On many nights he can be found doing what he so enjoys-being in the out-of-body creative "flow" playing his trumpet somewhere in South Florida.
16429	On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organisation announced that coronavirus infection was officially a pandemic, meaning that it was now a global scourge that was spreading in various countries faster than containment could halt it.
16430	On March 14th, the Saturday night after the end of life as we knew it, I went out with my dog and found the street silent: no lines for restaurants, no children on bicycles, no couples strolling with little cups of ice cream.
16431	“On March 18, New Hampshire Received a statewide declaration of disaster from the small business administration, which means that business in all counties within New Hampshire are eligible for the loan program.”
16432	On March 23, Kunin sent families a letter urging anyone that has been impacted by COVID-19 to contact their school’s principal or nurse.
16433	On March 25, DHEC was projecting that the state will start to see more than 1,000 new cases per week beginning in early April.
16434	On March 2, she called CDC and Public Health and says she was informed that she didn’t meet criteria for COVID-19 testing.
16435	On March 30, state officials for the first time disclosed publicly that veterans were dying of COVID-19 at the home and announced Walsh had been placed on paid leave.
16436	On May 13, a Bloomberg News initially stated, “Experts Want to Know Why Coronavirus Hasn’t Killed More Russians,” before being changed to read, “Experts Question Russian Data on COVID-19 Death Toll.”
16437	On May 30, Tina Crnko was marching at the Black Lives Matter Los Angeles rally when police shot her in the ribcage and bicep with kinetic impact projectiles (KIPs), also known as "rubber bullets."
16438	On May 31 in Kansas City, Mo., three carjackers attempted to steal a car.
16439	On May 9, Panganiban posted on Twitter her sentiments on the shutdown of media giant ABS-CBN, saying that public attention is being diverted from the health crisis.
16440	On meeting him at a fitting in his Paris salon in 1964, “it was love at first sight,” she recalled.
16441	On Monday, as CNN’s Anderson Cooper reported on President Donald Trump’s largely unmasked rally in Sanford, Florida, the campaign began blasting “Macho Man” — a hit song by the 1970s gay, multiracial disco group “Village People.”
16442	On Monday, at least six provinces lowered their emergency response levels from the highest rating.
16443	On Monday, for instance, no one corrected the president when he said, for at least the 45th time this year, that the 1918 flu pandemic took place in 1917.
16444	On Monday (Jun 22), took to Twitter to call out the retail conglomerate for selling fake 4 Pockets Full jewelry.
16445	On Monday, La Gloria also will introduce an online ordering system and curbside pick up exclusively for medical staff and first responders.
16446	On Monday, Leila Abdallah told reporters that she forgave Mr Davidson.
16447	On Monday morning, Pratt confirmed their baby's arrival.
16448	On Monday night, App State fell to Sun Belt conference foe Louisiana 81-73, dropping the third of its last four games and resulting in a 9-7 overall record.
16449	On Monday, the premier said these were “blunt instruments”, but might be the only solutions should infections continue to rise.
16450	On Monday, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement issued a modifying exemptions for non-immigrant students.
16451	On Morrison, the report says that allegations about his interest in boys were reported by MI5’s director general Sir Antony Duff to the cabinet secretary in 1986 but that the “security context” seemed uppermost in their mind “rather than any criminality”.
16452	On Nov. 13, Bolsonaro dismissed speculation of a second wave as “chit-chat.”
16453	On Nov. 20, Li hosted an online seminar on China’s current economic situation, and local leaders from Heilongjiang, Shandong, Hunan, Guangdong, and Yunnan provinces attended the meeting.
16454	On November 18 cases were 80.3, on average, compared to 75 on November 11 and 70 the week before that.
16455	On November 20, 2018, the BCPS announced that the Assistant Deputy Attorney General for the BCPS, Peter Juk, had appointed Butcher and Martland as special prosecutors to provide legal advice to the RCMP during the investigation of these allegations.
16456	On Oct. 27, the vet and a Nong Nooch mahout reopened the wound, drained the pus, then applied dressing.
16457	On one hand, it makes sense not to rehash the original story too much since the remake is intended to adapt six books.
16458	On one hand we have a crisis of greed such as how land in our cities is concentrated in the hands of few people, which is unacceptable.
16459	On "On My Way," she pulls out her tough chick card and sings that it’s too late to be afraid because she is already on her way.
16460	On our second date, after dinner, he dropped me off in a Lyft, and gave a hug.
16461	On page 46, the recipe for shepherd's pie.
16462	On Peter Navarro’s farm in Watsonville, berries were reaching their peak sizes when the rains came and “took it all out,” he said.
16463	“On race day though, he’s normally quite push button, so I’m not too worried about it.
16464	On Saturday (27 June), a breakthrough was made as the three parties managed to broker a deal following months of deadlocked talks after an inconclusive national election in February.
16465	On Saturday, BJP leader and former Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje weighed in on the ongoing Rajasthan crisis, urging the Congress to keep the needs of the people of the state in mind.
16466	On Saturday during his inaugural address, President Irfaan Ali touted the revival of the agricultural sector, including sugar and rice.
16467	On Saturday evening, the “Ye” rapper took to social media and declared that he was entering the presential race.
16468	On Saturday it was announced was leaving the club to join Brisbane immediately.
16469	On Saturday morning, the state introduced new rules restricting the number of people who could gather in homes and outside to 10 people, but businesses and organisations with Covid plans in place can continue to operate as they have been.
16470	On Saturday, NBC News reporter Geoff Bennett reported that six advance staffers who spent the past few weeks in Tulsa, Oklahoma helping to organize President Donald Trump's campaign rally have tested positive for COVID-19.
16471	On Saturday night, an attack on an army post in north Lebanon killed two soldiers and an alleged "terrorist".
16472	On Saturday, Qatar Racing-owned 10-1 shot Kameko, ridden by champion jockey Oisin Murphy and trained by Andrew Balding, ended red hot favourite Pinatubo's unbeaten run to win the 2,000 Guineas in record time.
16473	On Saturday, strong winds and heavy rain battered parts of Scotland, causing road closures and rail disruption.
16474	On Saturday, the Basques left with nothing, but shone again with almost 46% of the possession (very high for a visiting team at Camp Nou) and nine attempts at goal (to Barca's 13).
16475	On Saturday, the Bulgarian forward visited the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium to witness his former club take on Liverpool.
16476	On Saturday, Trump said he doesn’t think coronavirus itself is a “hoax,” but the criticism is.
16477	On seeing her post, friends and family members on the platform also celebrated her for the great achievement.
16478	On Sept. 23, 2020, the two still-employed police officers, Jonathan Mattingly and Myles Cosgrove, who shot and killed Breonna Taylor while she slept were not charged with any crimes.
16479	On several sectors, its pricing is higher than the competition while on others, it is much lower.
16480	ONS figures in July also showed that 50 per cent of all Covid-19 deaths in care homes also had dementia.
16481	On Sunday — as the party was still counting votes — there were growing indications that Nevada could switch to a presidential primary election.
16482	On Sunday (December 20), the rapper took to his Twitter to give his fans another update on letting them know the album is well worth the wait.
16483	On Sunday evening, the two newest cases were announced as a man aged in his 40s who had recently returned from overseas and another man aged in his 70s.
16484	On Sunday evening, Wang Xiaodong, the governor of Hubei province, where most cases have been concentrated, said the party central committee and the people of the whole country were worried.
16485	On Sunday, host Arthel Neville asked Ryan, “How President-elect Biden and his transition team are using and relying on know-how and experience to forge ahead with Coronavirus plans in the face of obstacles from President Trump?”
16486	On Sunday, Keltner's relatives took to social media and identified him as the man who was shot and killed.
16487	On Sunday, people age 65 and other were allowed to leave their homes for a few hours for the first time in seven weeks.
16488	On Sunday the cast of virtually for a script reading of the 1987 classic.
16489	On Sunday, the government confirmed that businesses prepared to take on new apprentices from Monday would be eligible for a 50% wage subsidy.
16490	Ontario has announced 47 new cases of COVID-19, bringing the province’s total case count to 424. That number includes eight resolved cases and three deaths.
16491	Ontario is reporting 1,859 cases of and nearly 59,400 tests completed.
16492	Ontario reported 134 new cases of COVID-19 on Friday, and three new deaths related to the novel coronavirus.
16493	Ontario’s police watchdog is investigating after several people were injured in a multi-vehicle collision that involved a car being pursued by officers.
16494	On that basis it’s fun, but with a few further caveats (which definitely isn’t Ritchie’s favourite C-word).
16495	On that card, and the packaging for the toy, Tommy's birthday was revealed to be October 20.
16496	On that day in late winter, we were all thinking of this pandemic in terms of weeks — not months.
16497	On that front, the divide is getting worse.
16498	On that legal defense team, assembled last week, there's also another, lesser-known Arizona tie: a lawyer who once sued an Arizona Corporation Commissioner — and won the hefty sum of $60 million.
16499	On that measure for the top 400 income holders (billionaires) the effective tax rate is 23% while it is 25-30% for working and middle classes.
16500	On that particular vote, every single member of the House, including myself, voted for it.
16501	‘On that show, it was difficult.
16502	On the 30 square foot balcony?
16503	On the afternoon of July 13, police found him inside his pickup truck, parked at the local Kmart.
16504	On the back of 30 touches from Andrew Gaff, 27 from new captain Luke Shuey and a terrific return in the ruck from Nic Naitanui, they were able to extend their lead in the second and third quarters.
16505	“On the call, I conveyed my deepest condolences over the passing of the former President of Ghana, HE Jerry Rawlings.”
16506	On the call, management will review and discuss the results and will be available to answer questions.
16507	On the council, Copeland has been an advocate for the city to purchase a building downtown where a new teen center/community resource building will open and pushed to get local trails mapped and put on a mobile platform to attract visitors.
16508	On the crack in Zamfara APC, he said, “We are still divided.
16509	On the criminal sex act count, he faces a minimum of five years in prison and a maximum of 25 years in prison, while the third-degree rape count carries a maximum penalty of four years in prison.
16510	On the day the photograph was taken, I was thinking about home.
16511	On the eve of the country's second national shutdown, on which MPs will vote later today, official data shows that measures already in place appear to be working and thwarting the spread of the virus, calling into question the toughness of the new rules.
16512	On the final part of the Real Housewives of Dallas the ladies, and Andy Cohen, confronted LeeAnne Locken over her racially insensitive comments towards co-star, Kary Brittingham.
16513	On the flip side, Isshin is a fellow with a warm, radiant personality, and no one can blame him for at least to cheer people up and make them laugh.
16514	On the four-hour bus ride home she wore a mask and wiped down her seat.
16515	On the front page of its late edition, the New York Times said "Trump's heckles" had sent the debate "into utter chaos".
16516	On the front, she explores the challenges women face and how she refused to shrink herself to accommodate anyone’s insecurities about her fame.
16517	On the horizon the curtains are closing.
16518	On the international arena, Russia opposes banning lethal autonomous weapons systems (LAWS) and the military use of AI, but it does engage in dialogue with other states and actors and supports formulating clear universal rules and ethical norms.
16519	On the international stage, the South China Sea issue remains the dominant concern.
16520	On their way home, she heard someone else shout at them.
16521	On the mound, Gannon Thomas earned the win, tossing three shutout innings and fanning three batters.
16522	On the negative side, especially from a privacy perspective, a consumer may be worried about two things.
16523	On the Nifty 50 front, advancers were at 14 and the decliners were higher at 35.
16524	On the one hand, as I have explained, it is shaped by the long-term effects of noliberal hegemony and by the shorter-term effects of its recent crisis.
16525	On the other hand DSP Sekhon is a mere pawn in the hands of his political masters and is giving frivolous statements just to please some тАЬleadersтАЭ for his own personal gains.
16526	On the other hand, Khooa was demanding a M11 000 salary.
16527	On the other hand, Oliver refused to allow the corporate fat cats behind the Willowbeigh Project to turn Star City into a wasteland of casinos and tourist traps.
16528	On the other hand, pony-tail, so this is greatly amusing to me.
16529	On the other hand, the bike-hailing platforms are equally worth the mention, with GoKada, Opay, Max.
16530	On the other hand, the priority sector lending (PSL) targets of banks and necessity to grow the loan book through inorganic buyouts would continue to support the securitisation market.
16531	On the other side, if the margin doesn’t start shrinking it is possible it will deflate Republican enthusiasm and depress their turnout.
16532	On the other, the report said, the Chinese authorities have been unable to recover all the money that they say Mr. Meng took in return for business opportunities, promotions and other favors.
16533	On the palate, this is indeed on the sweeter side, and it does have a maltiness, like strong black tea with sugar.
16534	On the plus side, surveys have shown that Chinese consumers are very open to meat alternatives, more so than Americans.
16535	“On the same week Scotrail announced that they were going to be refurbishing a number of sets, Great Western donated three to a museum.
16536	On the SoP, APNU/AFC received 239 votes and the PPP, 25. On the SoR, the coalition received 238 votes and the PPP, 25. However, Mingo declared that APNU/AFC had received 339 votes, an increase of 101.
16537	On the surface, the goal sounds daunting: Transform a commercial area surrounding Drake University into an entertainment district that attracts not only people who live in Greater Des Moines but also visitors to the city.
16538	On the Top500, it achieved a LINPACK score of 415.53 petaflops, a much higher score than the 148.6 petaflops of its nearest competitor, Summit in the United States, using 152,064 of its eventual 158,976 nodes.
16539	On the tour of Australia, some questions over Naseem’s age were raised in the international media but the PCB categorically denied all such reports and said it totally relies on NADRA’s record and that there was no reason to doubt the young pacer’s age.
16540	On the upcoming episodes of ‘Our World,’ which is subtitled ‘Wuhan: Life Under Lockdown,’ viewers are given exclusive access to the filmmakers in Wuhan, who are leading their lives under lockdown.
16541	On this account their breed has been used almost universally in improving Retrievers, and with great success."
16542	“On this anniversary, we are engaged in a new struggle against the coronavirus which demands the same spirit of national endeavor that you exemplified 75 years ago,” he said in a letter to veterans.
16543	On this day, in a calabash swirling with untold pressure, only a team truly worthy of being called champions was going to leave victorious.
16544	On this day, May 19 …
16545	On this episode, she finally apologized for the Christmas fruitcake incident, and offered Otis a cake in apology.
16546	“On this occasion, I will say one thing about the official,” he said.
16547	On this score too, however, the Biden campaign is starting from behind.
16548	On Thursday, 23 January, two more suspects were arrested in Taxi-house Gautrans land informal settlement in Krugersdorp.”
16549	On Thursday, a further 38 people in the UK died, bringing the total number of Covid-19 associated deaths to 45,999.
16550	On Thursday, a Stark County man died from the respiratory illness caused by the coronavirus.
16551	On Thursday, Dr. Janice Fitzgerald, the chief medical officer of health, announced there were five new cases of COVID-19.
16552	On Thursday, Judge Stuart Rafferty QC said it was "not clear to the court what his present mental state is" as he adjourned Vines's sentencing hearing.
16553	On Thursday May 14th, La Colombe co-founder and CEO Todd Carmichael will join me in live conversation for magazine’s first virtual Secrets From the C-Suite Presented by Comcast Business event.
16554	On Thursday night, hundreds of students attended the protest to tear down the fences.
16555	On Thursday, NSW Supreme Court Justice Peter Garling said Warwick's actions were "calculated, violent and hateful".
16556	On Thursday, the CEO announced an additional three weeks of “flexible paid time” to be used for “any reason related to COVID-19,” with an attached incentive that unused time will be paid back “after the end of the year.”
16557	On top of being a leader, Leonard also looks to be modest coming from his stellar offseason.
16558	On top of its new adventure with improvements in graphics, loading times, and more on Sony's next-gen console, Spider-Man: Miles Morales promises to be a stand-out launch title because fans can get it packaged with the PS4 predecessor.
16559	On top of that, there are exceptional performances all round in the trilogy, from Christian Bale to Tom Hardy to Michael Caine to just about everyone in between.
16560	On top of the financial risk of block grants, states may also face a legal risk.
16561	On top of these increases in calls, officials added they suspect actual incidences of domestic violence are much higher as more cases are going unreported as connections to the outside world are more limited.
16562	On top of this is an array of issue-oriented groups, from Planned Parenthood of Minnesota ($600,000), and Everytown for Gun Safety ($436,000) to the Chamber of Commerce’s Pro Jobs Majority ($590,000) and the Freedom Club ($530,000).
16563	Onto the “great mothers” segment of this shit show.
16564	On Tuesday 22 September, Boris Johnson announced new restrictions in an effort to reduce spread.
16565	On Tuesday Brnovich publicly called on critics of the election process to come forward with “facts and evidence” so his office can investigate.
16566	On Tuesday (Dec. 2), comedian and artist Lil Duval took to his Twitter to pose a question that received over 3k results.
16567	On Tuesday, during the daily vigil, Nunes said he turned and noticed the banner was gone.
16568	On Tuesday, February 11th, 2020 the emerging Vincentian designer Mashell Goodluck showcased his Fall/Winter 2020 collection in a runway show, presented by during New York Fashion Week.
16569	On Tuesday, he said the Nationalist Opposition was determined to take the country out of the crisis Labour had put it in, in the best interests of the people, for justice to be done and for the Maltese and Gozitans to learn the truth.
16570	On Tuesday, in court in the company of his court appointed attorney, Strykul waived his right to pretrial, and the matter was sent to Common Pleas Court, and to a grand jury for possible indictment.
16571	On Tuesday Japan fast-tracked special measures to become effective starting from Saturday rather than February 7 as originally planned.
16572	On Tuesday, Madhya Pradesh Minister Usha Thakur said that education should be uniform for all children.
16573	On Tuesday morning, BC RCMP shared a screen capture on social media from some dash cam video showing the white car with a snowmobile on its roof.
16574	On Tuesday night, April 21 the Nottingham Historical Society (NHS) held its meeting on zoom.
16575	On Tuesday, President Donald Trump announced that he will pardon women’s suffrage heroine and anti-slavery campaigner Susan B. Anthony on the anniversary of the ratification of the 19th Amendment, which extended the right to vote to women.
16576	On Tuesday, Rep. Vitale took to to write: "This is what happens when people go crazy and get tested.
16577	On Tuesday, Tamil Nadu saw 57 new COVID-19 cases, the highest spike in a single day so far.
16578	On Tuesday, the brewery announced it will skip the annual celebration, which has become a beloved staple of the holidays in Rochester.
16579	On Tuesday, the NWS Storm Prediction Center (SPC) said a slight risk exists for areas such as Austin and San Antonio.
16580	On Tuesday, the Westerdam had attempted to dock in Bangkok but was denied permission by Thai authorities to do so.
16581	On Tuesday, they will pick their candidate to take on the new nominee, Bob Good, a staunch social conservative who opposes same-sex marriage, birthright citizenship and abortion for any reason.
16582	On Twitter, he called the trend “good news” from his administration.
16583	On Urban Bros’ website, locals can order sea moss gel or organic ocean-grown sea moss to help fight infection and inflammation.
16584	On verification of KYC documents submitted to the banks, it was discovered that all were fake and forged.
16585	"Onward" earned $40 million from 4,310 North American locations, according to studio estimates on Sunday.
16586	On Wednesday, Feb. 19, Assistant Professor of Religious Studies Connie Kassor delivered a lecture titled “Anger and Sticks; Compassion and Fire-Pits” in Briggs Hall, hosted by Lawrence’s Mortar Board chapter.
16587	On Wednesday, Maphepo Lebogo reached out to SDI Force, telling them the stories of five of her neighbours in a quiet street that were in dire need of food and supplies.
16588	On Wednesday morning, organizers went ahead with the commemoration near Yangon’s Maha Bandula Park, including putting in place COVID-19 preventative measures.
16589	On Wednesday, police entered the residence of Masayoshi Koide, a 46-year-old member of the Matsuba-kai, in Shibukawa Cty and found 213 marijuana plants and 2 kilograms of dried marijuana.
16590	On Wednesday, Rudolph W. Giuliani, the president’s lawyer, said he was in contact with “whistle-blowers” from Dominion, though he did not provide evidence.
16591	On Wednesday, safety Kareem Jackson said Driskel was mimicking New Orleans dual-threat quarterback Taysom Hill on the scout team.
16592	On Wednesday, Shifra spoke of what leaving meant for her own four children.
16593	On Wednesday, the development of a promising Covid-19 vaccine was put on hold due to a possible adverse reaction in a trial participant.
16594	On Wednesday, there was an incident of break-and-entry at Vreed-en-Hoop, WCD in which a man suffered tremendous losses.
16595	On Wednesday, the shooting happened near Sedgwick and Kirkbride streets.
16596	On Wednesday, West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice closed bars in Monongalia County after photos of mostly maskless West Virginia University students standing in long lines went viral.
16597	On working with Cruise, the star had only lovely things to report.
16598	Onyenwere led the Bruins in scoring and rebounding in both games, with 18 points and nine rebounds against the Utes, and 19 points and eight rebounds against the Buffaloes.
16599	Onyi said that the company was burdened by high debt profile, adding that as at Nov. 30, 2019, electricity consumers in Bayelsa owed PHEDC about N16.5 billion, thereby hampering its operations.
16600	On your Que: (from left) Nadia Aponte, George Loulakis, Manuel Martinez and Aaron Robinson Almanzan take the stage after intermission.
16601	Oparanozie won the 2018 AWCON with Nigeria.
16602	OPEC's most hawkish members, Iran and Venezuela, have been sidelined by U.S. sanctions while its kingpin, Saudi Arabia, has shown it would rather appease Washington than risk losing US support, current and former OPEC officials say.
16603	Open daily from 9:00am to 5:00pm.
16604	Opening a hatch, he lit a Molotov cocktail and dropped it straight down on to the boat, which erupted in flames, forcing the would-be raiders to jump overboard.
16605	Openly gay Ritchie Torres became the first Afro-Latinx LGBTQ elected to the Congress from Bronx.
16606	Open ties surfaced again in 2008.
16607	Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.
16608	"Operation of the DCM," for the purposes of this proposal, refers specifically to the exchange's order processing and trade execution functions.
16609	Operations Manager Jon Oman said he would attempt to figure out the billing matter this week.
16610	Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Port Harcourt Zonal Office have arrested a suspected internet fraud kingpin, Onwuzuruike Kingsley Ikenna (a.k.a Nwanta Anayoeze Yonaracha).
16611	Operators are never given a comfort zone.
16612	Opinion polls show some two-thirds of the public want to follow suit.
16613	OPP divers have recovered the body of a 40-year-old man whose snowmobile plunged into an icy river in Bancroft Friday night.
16614	Oppelt is not worried about her children — one of whom has daily video conferencing — sliding academically: “I think that this time will build more creativity and free thinking than at any other time in our history,” she said.
16615	Oppo Find X2 series is set to launch today.
16616	Opponents are mischaracterizing the measure, falsely saying that it legalizes pedophilia or allows a 24-year-old to rape a 14-year-old without consequences.
16617	Opponents of a plan to convert a historic hay barn into an event center at a northwest Las Vegas park have sued the city and Councilwoman Michele Fiore in an effort to halt the project.
16618	Opponents to the harm reduction service were the loudest of the bunch.
16619	Opposing the division of units equally between two billing cycles, the petitioner said Tangedco should have ideally charged him only for 480 units during the first billing cycle (when readings were not recorded) and 760 units in the next.
16620	Opposition parties in Bengal, Left and Congress, have been up-in-arms over the PM’s visit and have taken to street protests.
16621	Oprah Winfrey has been in some hot water since her connection to documentaries and interviews about legendary black men in the industry.
16622	Opt between one to four tiers and in sizes 6” to 12”.
16623	Optional: Serve with cocktail gherkins and a plain yogurt dip mixed with fresh herbs.
16624	Or allow the reality and experiences of ‘fire’ to purify and restore us by God’s mercy and the Holy Spirit.
16625	Or a precursor was circulating unnoticed for months, but wasn't particularly contagious before the new sequence was added.
16626	Or are you intentionally trying to spread more fear and panic?
16627	Or, at least, the independent film world.
16628	Or, despite the enormous challenges posed by the disease pandemic, will they once again rally behind their flag-waving rulers ― all too often unscrupulous and incompetent ― and pour their blood and treasure into war?
16629	Or does Devin Clark enter into the top 15?
16630	Or do they react in the way that you’d want them to?
16631	Or do you want to stay on?”
16632	Or for a Yakuza boss to slink around the seedier parts of Osaka after a, um, long day on the job.
16633	• Organized (“I’ve been accused of being a little OCD,” she said.
16634	Organizers need to deliver with a solid platform and great content.
16635	Organizers of Friday’s rally want people to come together to remember the past and honor the memories of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Rayshard Brooks and the countless lives lost, while also pushing for change.
16636	Or go with an easy win, and choose from one of Prince George’s many luxurious spas across the city.
16637	Or he gets it and uses it to say: 'I've survived this, I'm a fighter,' - or he passes away.
16638	Or how about Queen Seondeok of Silla, who lived about 1,400 years ago and ruled one of the three ancient kingdoms of Korea?
16639	Orienting the convention toward moderation was a huge gamble, the success of which can’t be assessed until we know the election’s outcome.
16640	Or, if you’re not feeling crafty, you can always donate them to an organization like Tiny WPA.
16641	Original estimates had the project costing around $250,000, but revised estimates are looking more in the $200,000 range.
16642	Originally it was supposed to be some hints of atmosphere over a planet but I didn't like how the colors were blending.
16643	Originally used to help improve sleeping habits, melatonin was shown to help improve the condition of patients infected with the virus at the Manila Doctors Hospital, according to Dela Peña.
16644	Originating as part of a 2010 project on a battalion’s yearlong deployment, reporters-turned-filmmakers Catrin Einhorn and Leslye Davis stuck with the story to trace the longterm effects of military service on a family.”
16645	Originating in England, this name means “ruler.”
16646	Or, in the words of McKinnon’s Page: “I missed book club for this.”
16647	Orioles starter Jorge Lopez (2-2) allowed eight runs and nine hits in two-plus innings.
16648	Or is that just another blow to our election processes, like early voting and not verifying voters with photo ID, both of which were done through legal means?
16649	Or is that they have no idea how to deal with the changing media landscape?
16650	“Or it could just be like a simple text saying, ‘Hey, I’m thinking of you.’
16651	Or it means he doesn't want to disable ad blockers to use incognito mode.
16652	Or just don't pay.
16653	Orlando City (8-2-5) stretched its league-best unbeaten streak to nine while the Red Bulls (6-7-2) had their two-match win streak snapped.
16654	Or maybe a little bit.”
16655	Or maybe a personal story of a racist encounter would satisfy them, in this fleeting 15 seconds of fame as the token black friend.”
16656	Or maybe "here is your *ahem* clone.
16657	Or on a more personal note, the bands who played MacPhie Pub and consented to interviews for our column.
16658	Or perhaps an authority figure will try to restrict your actions or make you feel diminished.
16659	Or perhaps forever.
16660	Or players could go the opposite route and use a Sniper like the Longbow or the Sentinel to absolutely shred enemies from a distance from behind Amped Cover for bonus damage.
16661	Or probably, the more likely reason is the engine doesn’t support this type of breakable glass or the devs didn’t think it was important.
16662	Orput said in his career as a prosecutor, he has been able to look at the effect of bail.
16663	Or put yourself in the shoes of Black children who are more likely to see police as people who will harm them than as people who are there to protect them.
16664	Or relative quality, I'm not saying that,” he said.
16665	Orser Capital Management LLC boosted its holdings in Apple by 7.2% in the 4th quarter.
16666	Or showing his face in public at all.
16667	Orso Pasta by Chef Josh Buchwald offers fresh pasta delivered all across Los Angeles.
16668	Or start listening to Steely Dan. And then he needs to come back and start leading again.
16669	Or there's bargains to be had at Tesco, as its half price Easter egg sale is back next week with eggs costing just 75p each.
16670	Or worse, watching the effects of said beer pong as the same neighbors dragged themselves home at dawn, emptying the contents of their stomachs on the street and shakily proclaiming that it was the best night ever.
16671	Or, you can click on the Start button.
16672	Or you can use it to craft an animated scene that isn’t a game, paint in 3D, or just compose music.
16673	Osage County Sheriff Eddie Virden would like to see Osage county join the list as well.
16674	Oscar de la Renta took the plunge.
16675	Oscar Lee Black III graduated from its culinary program in 2012.
16676	Osei has been in excellent form for the Division One League outfit this season, with the club’s main high point being beating Kumasi Asante Kotoko to eliminate them from the MTN FA Cup.
16677	Oshiomhole said this when he appeared on Politics Today, a Channels Television programme.
16678	Osimhen joined Napoli in a €71m deal from and has been with the Serie A side for their pre-season camp at Castel di Sangro.
16679	Osimhen was Lille’s star performer in the season that just ended in France with 18 goals in all competition.
16680	Osler’s contributions to clinical medicine are legion, but he — and countless other influential physicians with similar perspectives — also shaped medical culture.
16681	Osman did have the highest three-point shooting hit rate of his three NBA seasons in 2019-20 at 38.3 percent, and that was encouraging, but in too many instances this past season, Osman seemingly disappeared for stretches.
16682	Ostensibly, this effort offsets the weaker sales of other titles.
16683	OSU-Cascades students say they received positive feedback in Salem.
16684	Oswalt portrayed agent Eric Koenig in the first season of the show until his death by the hands of Grant Ward.
16685	Oteng Oteng lost in the preliminaries.
16686	Other acts of service included serving on the board of community health centre Piki Te Ora and the Male Survivors of Sexual Abuse Trust.
16687	Other AFP officers were present on the day and helped out with the activities and specialist sniper rifles were fired on the day, including by one of Mr Jabbour's relatives.
16688	Other big exhibitors Cineworld, the parent of Regal, and Cinemark, called the agreement a bad move, as did some small ones.
16689	Other BJP leaders too came out with statements on SAD walking out of the alliance.
16690	Other board makers then hit $300 via sales and promotions.
16691	Other candidates are being asked to account for past programs or policy choices they now regret.
16692	Other days are spent blissing out on beaches and wandering rocky coves of the northern coast, like the town of Panormas or the empty charms of Kolimbithra, perhaps stopping for homespun plates of fresh feta and dolmades at tiny tavernas.
16693	Other demands include controlling the amount of taxpayers’ money funding the privileged lifestyle of the royal family.
16694	Other efforts under the Health STATISTICS Act include grant programs to help state, local, tribal and territorial governments modernize their health data infrastructure.
16695	Other factors also make connections more efficient and therefore cheaper.
16696	Other football teams have given Southern Nevada a shot, including arena football’s Sting and Gladiators and the United Football League’s Las Vegas Locomotives.
16697	'Other headstones from that area were relocated in the 1970s.
16698	Other high-frequency indicators such as Purchasing Manager Indices for both manufacturing and services are in the expansion zone.
16699	Other municipalities, like Portsmouth, accept compost, but use a private company to process it.
16700	Other notable nominations for the Star Wars series include Best Guest Actor in a Drama Series for 's portrayal of Moff Gideon and Taika Waititi for Outstanding Character Voice-Over Performance for voicing IG-11.
16701	Other opposition lawmakers were reportedly delayed or prevented by security forces from reaching the legislative session, giving supporters of Maduro a temporary majority.
16702	Other parties’ trademarks referenced are the property of their respective owners.
16703	Other people in the vehicle started arguing with someone in the street.
16704	Other places that have a large number of approved production units are Tiruppur, Chennai, Coimbatore, Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Ludhiana and Bhiwandi.
16705	Other plants are scattered throughout the room.
16706	Other private laboratories that have applied are Hinduja hospital (200 samples per day), SRL (250) and Fortis hospital.
16707	Other prominent names that have featured in the project are Dan Sibale on the saxophone while Victor Kambana, Lulu and Billy Kaunda Jnr took turns on the keyboards.
16708	Other renovations were made that have turned Punga Racers into a body slide, with no mats, and riders now go down feet first rather than head first.
16709	Other residents including Margaret Heslop and a woman, who gave her name only as Jasmine, shared similar sentiments, but raised concerns about how they will be able to purchase food during the lockdown.
16710	Other RPG games, especially ones that let you customize your character, often let you switch between first and third person fluently during gameplay.
16711	Others “could be forced (to beg) on the streets,” he said.
16712	Others got lots of time and some got multliple chances Green, Hue, Herm Terrible ones like Bowles and Hue got fired and rightly so.
16713	Others, including and the CNN anchor Jake Tapper, expressed sympathy for the Klausutis family, with Mr. Tapper calling Mr. Trump’s tweets “
16714	Others in the RIC/DMP, men like Ned Broy (one of Michael Collins’ best known double agents) were invaluable for IRA intelligence.
16715	Others just want to invest in this sort of thing.
16716	Others known as CD4 helper T cells help the body produce B cells, which make antibodies.
16717	Others lost their jobs in fields like hospitality and non-essential retail.
16718	Others may leave you wondering what just happened.
16719	Others say they can’t sleep due to the noisy hoon driving which was “always going on” and “not good for safety.”
16720	Other states in the east coast were hit there first as well.
16721	"Others they can regard as doing individual acts of sin, but this is not just specific acts but this in some ways threatens to overthrow their whole way of reading the Bible."
16722	Others were traditional rulers, members of the state House of Assembly, led by the Speaker, Chiji Collins, representatives of Civil Society Organisations, heads of security agencies, religious leaders and sundry.
16723	Other than education, the rest of the residents’ schedules remain largely the same.
16724	Other than that, one of the nice things about being 79 and playing a man who's a couple of years older is I don't have to act it.
16725	Other than that, Ustanak is a viable BOW who has shown intelligence in his mission to seek and destroy Jake Muller which puts him in the same league as the T-103.
16726	Other things were seen as more important.
16727	Other winners in the pet industry include PetMed Express, which owns online pet pharmacy 1800PetMeds, has seen its share price soar 44% this year.
16728	Otherwise, a little goes a long way and your tires will look mighty slick.
16729	Otherwise, any surge in cases among players will lead to government imposing the ban again,” he said.
16730	Otherwise, during those moments when self-doubts creep in, you would struggle.
16731	“Otherwise students will feel like they’re getting lost in all of the conversations that are being had.”
16732	Otherwise, the efforts will go to waste.
16733	Otherwise, we’ll have partly sunny days and fair nights with highs in the low 90s, just what you expect in mid-August in Alabama.
16734	Otherwise, you’ll see the yellow flags start flying against your D if Rodgers and Co have to drive down the field to win the game by a TD or even a FG.
16735	Other women would look just as good on those magazines.”
16736	O’Toole has scheduled a press conference for 9 a.m. on Tuesday where it is expected he will reveal his shadow cabinet.
16737	OTTAWA (660 NEWS) — For a second time, Cavalry FC goalkeeper is headed to a Canadian national team camp.
16738	Ottawa’s neo-folk group Musk Ox and soulful songstress Angelique Francis are among the artists performing live concerts at the National Arts Centre this month, but you won’t be able to buy tickets to their performances.
16739	Our 2016 election issue with the "WTF?" headline can be yours on eBay for the low, low price of $100.
16740	Our 2018-2019 and Q4 2019 same store pools consisted of 25 and 28 properties, respectively.
16741	“Our 40 years of experience shows that Iran has the capacity to counter any challenges and problems at any level,” the Leader said, as quoted by Mehr news agency.
16742	“Our aquatics staff really came together this summer to open pools in a safe way during this pandemic.
16743	Our backs are now against the wall, and we’ve got to bet on ourselves.
16744	“Our best players thought they were going to play at a higher level.
16745	Our best wishes to them,” the collector tweeted.
16746	“Our biggest concern here, obviously, is the health and safety of our staff and guests,” Pope said.
16747	"Our board of trustees has acknowledged that racism and discrimination exists in our division and that we have work to do," EPSB spokesperson Anna Batchelor wrote in an email, listing steps such as anti-racism training.
16748	Our borders are not closed.
16749	"Our bowlers have done it for a long time.
16750	Our budget protects open space by tripling our current investment in land preservation.
16751	Our businesses cannot do business.
16752	Our car has been towed away as it was caught up in all the water.'
16753	Our city, with its vibrant creativity and melting point of cultures, served as a launch pad for the American designer who arrived at London Fashion Week last night.
16754	“Our coaches are monitoring our players just to make sure they’re on the proper routine,” Kelly said.
16755	"Our commitment at POLITICO is to journalism that gets its facts straight," the news outlet added.
16756	“Our communities are and will continue to face the impacts of the pandemic long past the end of the year so I am hoping this call for action will be heard by our state government officials.”
16757	“Our communities,” she said, “our powerful women deserve so much more.”
16758	“Our community stood up and made painful sacrifices for the health and safety of our beloved city.
16759	"Our community struggles significantly with domestic and family violence," said another Sikh community member Remneek Kaur.
16760	“Our concern is as the availability of resources goes down, opportunities will go down, and the rates will drop even further from where they are right now.”
16761	Our confidence level, which is how loving and positive we feel, affects the actions we take, which affects the impact we make on other people’s lives, the world and the results we get in our lives.
16762	Our constitutional republic only endures when it derives legitimacy from the people, who are ultimately sovereign.
16763	Our correspondent, however, gathered that the relationship between the traders and leadership of the market was not encouraging.
16764	“Our corridor is really alive now.”
16765	Our cortisol levels when healthy and resting are 100-200 nm/L and nearly zero when we sleep, the study said.
16766	Our country and its politicians are bought and paid for…they need to worry more about this than whether we are on any blacklist…We are damn lucky that no major press has gotten hold of this corruption yet…
16767	“Our deficit isn’t because we mismanaged anything,” McMahon said.
16768	'Our doctors continue to support our customers with interpreting and understanding their results.
16769	… Our elections should be decided by the voters — but because of Citizens United, billionaires and corporate interests can spend as much money as they want to elect politicians to do their bidding.”
16770	“Our employees are prepared to respond and continue delivering the same high-quality tap water that we have been producing for over five decades.”
16771	Our eucharistic fast has stretched on for weeks.
16772	Our existing solutions (AMI, IOT, Micro-Grid, EMS, VOIP, TVWS) will be integrated with our blockchain technology to make us one of the top integrated solution providers in the international market.
16773	“Our expectation is you should come here and behave yourself.”
16774	Our family would like to thank them for their very kind, compassionate and caring attention to detail.
16775	Our father would biatch about how much time the traffic jam was delaying our arrival.
16776	Our fight is not over.
16777	Our Finance Department is making sure that our bills are paid.
16778	'Our findings may differ if gene expression profiles are examined beyond this time window,' the authors say.
16779	"Our goal every day is to help address this - which means there is never a dull moment.
16780	"Our goal has always been to wow customers everywhere by offering high-quality merchandise at an extreme, unbeatable value and by giving back to the communities we serve across the country.
16781	Our goal is to bring a World Championship to Chicago.
16782	Our goal is to produce an hour to an hour and a half event, showcasing musicians from all age groups and genres of music.
16783	Our goal is to protect our associates and those we are privileged to serve by limiting possible exposure to COVID-19 and directing people to the right level of care.
16784	Our greater vulnerability to COVID-19 is the result of conscious and deliberate decisions by policy makers under the influence of racial bigotry and belief in white superiority.
16785	Our house is fire but certainly not on fire.
16786	Our investigation continues …
16787	“Our league has been operating for more than 50 years and our teams make a huge impact in their communities, both on and off the ice,” said KIJHL commissioner Jeff Dubois.
16788	Our LNG imports from the US are also increasing progressively ever since the imports started in March 2018.
16789	Our local merchants have poured their souls into their businesses, and I have been so inspired by their continued hustle and ingenuity over the past year.
16790	Our local Walmarts have extended their open and close hours.
16791	“Our market research shows that consumers still have a strong preference in natural diamonds for milestone events like an engagement,” He told Observer in in February.
16792	Our measure of trimmed mean CPI fell to 4.2% y-o-y vs 4.4% in January.
16793	Our media partners at first reported shots fired near the Shell gas station near the intersection of US Hwy 90 and Willow Street.
16794	Our members are working in impossible conditions to provide the best care they can.
16795	Our men are on their way to repel,” the soldier told TheCable.
16796	Our Minneapolis summer will, in many respects, need to take a backseat for what has rightly been dubbed the long winter ahead.
16797	“Our mission at Agricenter International is to advance knowledge and understanding of agriculture,” Agricenter International Director of Farm and Research Dr. Bruce Kirksey said.
16798	'Our model indicates this is because of the exceptional abundance of small prey cells — most likely surviving bacteria — and reduced numbers of larger 'grazers' in the post-extinction oceans.'
16799	Our motive is to get votes and let the public decide which political outfits have joined hands and how many votes all parties amassed, Yadav added.
16800	Our new board members have experience from other boards which is helpful too.
16801	Our next system will bring a wintry mix to the area this morning, but it won't make any impacts on roads.
16802	“Our No. 1 priority is the health and wealth of our student-athletes,” Muzerall said.
16803	Our obsession with loungewear was fuelled by the first lockdown and, as we hunker down for the festive season, it is sure to surge even more.
16804	“Our office has been able to assist more than 250 individuals with this process who were having issues due to the state’s antiquated system,” he said.
16805	Our operations are funded from the funds primarily claimed from RAF.
16806	Our partnership model is flexible based on the client’s needs.
16807	“Our partners play a crucial role in the success of this program and they work hard every day to encourage healthier choices throughout our communities.”
16808	“Our priority is returning Australians and that will continue to be the case especially in the lead up to Christmas,” Tehan told Sky News’ Sunday Agenda on Sunday.
16809	“Our protocol for any kind of chemical fire is to not use water,” he said.
16810	Our records for academic excellence, athletic excellence and co-curricular excellence are unsurpassed, and we want to continue our progression to the next level.
16811	Our relationships are changing.
16812	"Our research shows 40 per cent of the terrestrial planet is intact, but only 9.7 per cent of Earth’s terrestrial protected network can be considered structurally connected.
16813	Our research states that 74 per cent of Indian travellers expect travel companies to support their future travel plans via discounts and promotions.
16814	Our responsibilities extend beyond a reorganization of health care systems.
16815	Our review of Microsoft’s Surface Laptop 3 based on AMD’s older Ryzen 5 3580U said the battery life was “disappointing.”
16816	'Our Riches' is, above all, a loving book.
16817	“Our schools must do the same.”
16818	Our second one was director Mark Jenkin in conversation with Mark Kermode.
16819	“Our service is available to all veterans, not just presidents,” said John Miller, president and CEO of America’s VetDogs.
16820	“Ours is a traditional business, and one of the biggest challenges for the artisans in Odisha and has been instrumental in creating a viable business for them.
16821	“Our staff are ready and able to take care of patients safely.”
16822	Our state and city taxes, including the real estate tax on our co-op apartment, were so high that anything we gave to nonprofits became a deduction against our federal taxes.
16823	Our talking heads, the so-called “chattering classes,” pretend that this eruption of insanity has something to do with the quest for racial justice.
16824	Our target for the full year is for new disbursements of over EUR5 billion, with the majority coming from new financing for businesses under the State Guaranteed program.
16825	“Our team is excited to have been chosen for these projects, all of which will advance the commercialization of our cold atom quantum technologies.”
16826	Our thanks go to Logan for his willingness to serve the citizens of Williams County.
16827	“Our theme today ought to be, ‘If it’s not one thing, it’s another,”’ New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy said as he gave residents storm guidance that’s new this year – mask up if you help your neighbors shovel.
16828	Our thoughts and prayers are with the muezzin and those at the London Central Mosque, its leaders and congregants.
16829	Our thoughts are with the people of Belarus who are deeply affected by this event," Reinsalu said according to spokespeople for the Estonian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
16830	Our total is 1,401 cases and 51 deaths.
16831	Our tradition has specified that equality will be secured only in ‘opportunities of self-realisation.’
16832	Our universally close ties to our nearest neighbors mean it is no accident easing of cross-border restrictions began with the Baltic states and Finland.
16833	“Our vision of Urban Air Mobility will transform the concept of urban transportation,” said Jaiwon Shin, Executive Vice President and Head of Hyundai’s Urban Air Mobility (UAM) Division.
16834	Our vision really aligned, it was a great experience.
16835	“Our weekly Friday prayers were right away moved to Zoom.”
16836	Our world still needs coal.
16837	Outdoor gatherings are limited to eight people.
16838	Outdoor lighting is ideal to get the best results as dim indoor lighting and dark scenes can slightly hamper the image quality.
16839	Outerwear issues aside, Mair believes they can be inclusive and practical.
16840	Outfitted with a barrel compensator and a grooved foregrip, the so-called Lebman Machine Pistol could shoot a thousand rounds a minute.
16841	Outgoing leader will launch the festivities with a speech (which is open to the media), and then behind closed doors they go.
16842	Outgun, outwit, and outmaneuver your enemies in an epic quest to free the galaxy from oppression.
16843	Outlaw said the police department was caught off guard by looting in the city’s Port Richmond neighborhood, far from the protests near the shooting scene in West Philadelphia.
16844	Out of 152 targets, 114 were deemed catchable by PFF.
16845	Out of 200, 169 of them have tested positive from Kharkan BSF camp alone.
16846	Out of the 57 percent who did not research the website or business via an independent source before making a purchase, 81 percent lost money.
16847	"Outside activities are known to be much safer.
16848	Outside China, there have been cases in nearly 60 countries with around 100 deaths.
16849	Outside just a few formal classes, Selby is self-taught.
16850	Outside of its disastrous financial returns though, Terminator: Dark Fate did have a good amount to offer those who did give it a watch.
16851	Out went some yellow linoleum floors and Richey’s bachelor decor.
16852	Over 100,000 men have been treated with the UroLift System worldwide.
16853	Over 20 years, that’s a long-term relationship.” says Higbie.
16854	Over 3,000 approved payments have been returned from the banks and credit unions because incorrect banking information was provided at the time of application.
16855	Over 43 percent of those tests were carried out in the last ten days, according to new figures from the agency.
16856	Over 500 of them that we know, either in the villages or in towns, have been kidnapped”.
16857	Over 870 college students reported catching gonorrhea, which is horrific and something we associate with London in the 19th century but, no, it’s still with us and equally squalid.
16858	Over a distance of approximately eleven kilometers, the sports car achieved an average speed of 509 kilometers per hour, clearly putting the previous record holder, the Chiron from Bugatti, in its place.
16859	“Overall, crime rates in Queensland have remained steady,” she said.
16860	Overall, EOG Resources has 10,500 undrilled high-return drilling locations which can power the company’s production for 14 years.
16861	Overall the market results were mixed and European equity markets.
16862	Overall, the new trail covers three hills, with a total ascent of 499m and a maximum elevation of 290m.
16863	Overall turnout could well reach 150 million for the first time, up from 137.5 million in 2016, according to Barry C. Burden, the director of the Elections Research Center at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
16864	Over a quarter of his receiving yards for the season came through on those two games.
16865	Over at the front, the renders show a waterdrop notch and thin bezels on all sides.
16866	Over at West Orange-Stark, the Mustangs will be on a quest for their 11 straight district title as they will look to carry on a great tradition.
16867	Over dramatic and inconsistent with the attack he actually suffered.
16868	Over four hundred shops have been destroyed by fire at the Old Motor Spare Parts Market, popularly called Mgbuka Obosi, in Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State.
16869	Over half, 55%, of voters think he is ready to be prime minister, and 40% believe the Labour party can form the next government.
16870	Over nine nights in July and August, Newtown rock band DMA’s heralded the return of live music in Sydney by playing 18 shows - two a night - to a seated, reduced capacity crowd.
16871	Over on the little girl’s Instagram account — which is run by her mom — there was a series of six photos of RoRo in the same seat getting her hair done, but she made a different expression in each snap.
16872	Over recent weeks, the global business system has been heavily impacted by the outbreak of Covid-19, obliging companies to activate strategies in line with governments’ directives.
16873	Override 2: Super Mech League works in a party environment against friends, but it's also so devoid of content that it's fairly hard to recommend.
16874	Over the course of the movie, she becomes Augustine’s outlet for emotion, and he becomes more and more attached as he gets closer to death.
16875	Over the decades, the minute hand has moved closer or further away from midnight as the situation of the world changed.
16876	Over the last 65 days, owner Afrim Pristine has only had one day off, and that was Easter Sunday.
16877	Over the last few days there have been some insane videos circulating the web.
16878	Over the last five years contemporary Ethiopian artists have been making a name for themselves on the global art market, but it’s been a long time coming.
16879	Over the last seven days, Bitcoin Red has traded 12.7% higher against the dollar.
16880	Over the last seven days, CryptoPing has traded 6% lower against the U.S. dollar.
16881	Over the last seven days, FIO Protocol has traded up 18.5% against the dollar.
16882	Over the last two decades, adjusted for inflation, the value of Massachusetts contracts going to minority-owned businesses has fallen 24%.
16883	Over the last two months in war-torn Donbas, Ukrainian positions have been shelled more than 400 times.
16884	Over the last week, ImageCoin has traded 71.8% higher against the dollar.
16885	Over the next year, her mother watched on helplessly as her daughter's cancer took hold.
16886	Over the past century, however, Peru has become a more broadly Christian society.
16887	Over the past eight years, she has helped many companies develop an online sales presence that has resulted in millions of dollars of revenue.
16888	Over the past five years alone, about 50,000 Afghan police officers and soldiers have died fighting.
16889	Over the past four years, we’ve released so much content that it might be a bit overwhelming.
16890	Over the past seven days there have been a total of 31 new reported deaths.
16891	Over the past three days, attacks have been launched on government-owned institutions and private businesses, leading to deaths and properties being razed.
16892	Over the past year or so WWE has stopped using terms like call-up or main roster when regarding NXT, and Triple H has promoted it as the third brand of WWE.
16893	Over the phone, Kassem explained how the program worked, how utterly ineffective it was, and how Bloomberg’s endorsement of it helped usher in Donald Trump’s Muslim ban.
16894	Over these many decades, since I was born (in the 40s), we have never been subject to pandemic disease and all the rules that go with something like this.
16895	Over the summer, Santa Clara hit a peak on Aug. 23 with a rolling 14-day average of 288 new cases per day.
16896	Over the weekend, Lance McCullers Jr. and Alex Bregman surprised a group of St. Thomas High School students during their virtual prom on Zoom.
16897	Over the weekend, the Brazilian, alongside Arsenal’s academy product Bukayo Saka, ripped Chelsea apart to secure a much-needed win for the under-fire, Mikel Arteta.
16898	“Over the years, 225 has meant for me: opportunity and thankfulness.
16899	“Over the years, I have enjoyed watching the children evolve.
16900	Over the years it has been modified for certain events.
16901	Over the years, Schonberg said he’s seen an increase in awareness and appreciation for naturally grown produce.
16902	Over the years, Skinner and Pearl are drawn into a shadow war between European vampires and a clandestine organization known as the Vassals of the Morning Star (VMS), learning the secrets of international vampire culture.
16903	Over two seasons, the show delves into the dark secrets of its titular town, through characters like a criminal attorney, a prisoner and the niece of Jack Torrence.
16904	Over with Gabi DiMera (Camila Banus), she’ll hope she can help Jake Lambert (Brandon Barash) remember who he really is.
16905	Owen had been leaving a Toys for Tots volunteer event at the Prince George's Police headquarters when he saw the 35-year-old Edwards lying in the grass near his Palmer Park home, the station reports.
16906	Owing to the tightness, our tester did advise sizing up.
16907	Owner Christina Vega shared the news on Instagram Thursday writing, “64 years ago, my father started Casa Vega.
16908	Owner Joe Lacob said the team will spend nearly $30 million to give every fan a rapid-response COVID-19 test before they enter the Chase Center in San Francisco.
16909	Owners of the houses damaged by the explosion asked the state or federal government to rebuild such property.
16910	Ow, that really hurt.
16911	Owusu is the only foreign player from the reigning Kenyan Premier League champions camp who is still in the country.
16912	Oxlade-Chamberlain has given Liverpool a renewed thrust in central midfield, as pour forward in search of an equaliser.
16913	Oyetibo said the Inglewood community has welcomed and supported her.
16914	Oyo, Ogun, Edo and Kaduna States have recorded four cases each, while Bauchi has reported three, Enugu and Ekiti two cases each, and Rivers has only one case.
16915	Ozone depleting chlorine and bromine come from chlorofluorocarbons and halons, the chemically active forms of chlorine and bromine derived from man-made compounds that are now banned by the Montreal Protocol.
16916	Ozo was in a fit of rage when he raised his voice shouting that he would not tolerate such nonchalant character from any housemate.
16917	Pablo Shah, senior economist at analysts the Centre for Economics and Business Research, said: “Although the pandemic is by definition a global phenomenon, declines in output of this scale have not yet been widely recorded elsewhere in the world.”
16918	Pacifica Partners Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble during the 4th quarter valued at $44,000.
16919	Packers vs. Bears in Chicago week 17.
16920	Packing On The Pandemic Pounds?
16921	Packing the court with corporate-friendly justices matters more to him than providing the assistance ordinary people need to survive.
16922	Padilla wanted to do more than just offer products.
16923	Pain and suffering is probably the most subjective factor that goes into car accident settlements.
16924	Pair something bulky, like the Decorative Wooden Bead Garland, with a smaller scale option.
16925	PAISD is looking to the future with possibly adding shields to desks for safety.
16926	Pakistan’s all-weather ally China, despite being hit by the coronavirus itself, also has lent a supporting hand and much-needed medical equipment and other goods both at the government and provincial levels.
16927	“Pakistan’s efforts against terrorism are remarkable… the whole world needs to support Pakistan’s enormous efforts against terrorism,” he said.
16928	Pal, a long-time bitcoin advocate, fears the economic and market turmoil has only just begun and is in the process of repositioning his portfolio to 25% bitcoin, 25% gold, 25% cash, and 25% trading opportunities to try to weather a deeper equity rout.
16929	Palansky is repped by ICM Partners and McKuin Frankel Whitehead LLP.
16930	Palantir’s ICE contracts involve the maintenance and improvement of two tools used in deportation raids, court records and federal documents show.
16931	Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas (L) meets with Egyptian President Abdul Fattah el-Sissi, in Cairo on November 30, 2020.
16932	Palinda Carrington, a 1995 Wake Forest graduate, remembers encountering racism in a class where she was the sole black student.
16933	Palm Beach Atlantic President William Fleming said the 2,500-student university honored the first lady for her compassion and kindness, calling her a worldwide role model.
16934	Paloma Partners Management Co now owns 40,198 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,668,000 after acquiring an additional 27,745 shares during the period.
16935	Panasonic has operated in consumer electronics for more than 100 years.
16936	Panasonic's 2019 flagship LED TV, the GX940 (GX920 in the UK), only came in one size - 75 inches.
16937	Panelists acknowledged that leadership is doing everything it can to help public schools, but more federal resources are needed.
16938	Panicking parents are also bizarrely melting down jewellery – in case they need “to trade silver and gold” to survive a massive outbreak of the killer virus.
16939	Panic took hold.
16940	PAPD did have assistance from DPS.
16941	Paradoxically, that could end up breathing fresh life into the democratic process, said McKinney.
16942	Paradox Interactive has also confirmed that DLC for the sequel would be new content rather than simply rehashed expansions from the earlier games.
16943	Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 2,755 shares of the airline’s stock worth $33,000 after buying an additional 1,427 shares during the period.
16944	Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 746 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $37,000 after purchasing an additional 209 shares during the last quarter.
16945	Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new position in China Life Insurance during the 3rd quarter valued at about $25,000.
16946	ParallelCoin has a total market capitalization of $467,192.62 and $173.00 worth of ParallelCoin was traded on exchanges in the last 24 hours.
16947	Parallel road brings Bratislavans to recreation area more safely.
16948	Parent company Loblaw says it will work directly with food banks to get perishable food off store shelves.
16949	“Parents expect their children to be safe when they send them to school and staff are entitled to work in an environment where their health, safety and welfare is protected.”
16950	Parents have also been urged to submit the required documents.
16951	"Parents should avoid locking such children in their rooms because when they are supported and provided with the necessary things as any other kid, they could rise to the challenge.
16952	Parents should be encouraging, modeling and working with the child to make it fun and rewarding to learn.
16953	Parents will be able to bring their youngsters along to the event to play, while the adults chat.
16954	PARIS — Art lovers were left locked out of the Louvre in Paris on Sunday morning as the world’s most-visited museum held a staff meeting about the coronavirus outbreak.
16955	PARIS — British Airways’ new boss appealed to Britain and the United States on Monday to back pre-flight COVID-19 testing with quarantine-free transatlantic travel corridors.
16956	PARIS: France registered 14,412 new confirmed coronavirus cases on Saturday (Sep 26), not far from a daily record of 16,096 set earlier this week.
16957	Paris police said that police checks are being carried out in a popular shopping center near La Defense business district after a witness called police to say they had seen a man carrying a fire arm.
16958	Park Avenue Securities LLC now owns 16,968 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $577,000 after buying an additional 6,109 shares in the last quarter.
16959	Parking in the area is extremely limited.
16960	Park rangers said Sunday that they located her after receiving a credible tip from a park visitor that they had seen Courtier at the park.
16961	Park Rapids City Council member Bob Wills asked City Administrator Ryan Mathisrud Tuesday for an update about the city’s purchase of the former National Guard Armory from Alan Zemek’s Armory Square Management Corp.
16962	Parkside Financial Bank & Trust purchased a new stake in IAA in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $29,000.
16963	Park visitors are encouraged to follow all current hand washing and social distancing guidelines.
16964	Parliament has approved 390 million cedis for the procurement of a new biometric system said to have a facial recognition technology.
16965	Parliament President David Sassoli is invited to present the EU assembly’s view at the start of the meeting but after that, it’s up to member states.
16966	Partiality is lost in the zeal of getting a conviction, or finding a cause.
16967	Participants are asked to remain in their vehicles and tune radios to a preset frequency to hear the service.”
16968	Participants of the Carolina Star Program are self-sufficient in their ability to control hazards at the worksite.
16969	Participated in the massive rally from KPCC office to Income Tax Building, Minsk Square & staged a protest questioning the highest fuel prices ever.
16970	Participation required includes synchronous learning in an online classroom, where discussions will be held with the teacher through phone, email or online meeting in a virtual format.
16971	Particularly, Dr Asonye preaches the widespread adoption of indigenous sign-languages, over imported ones like the American Sign Language.
16972	Partisan primaries would be excluded.
16973	Partly cloudy with a few storms possible Sunday.
16974	Partly sunny, with a high near 81. Northwest wind 6 to 10 mph.
16975	Partly sunny, with a high near 83. Calm wind becoming east southeast around 6 mph in the afternoon.
16976	Partly sunny, with a high near 87. East wind around 5 mph.
16977	Part of me thinks all true artists have an apprehension of the holy, whether they call it that or not.
16978	“Part of the allure and kind of majesty of Augusta National is the patrons,” Brandt Snedeker said.
16979	Part of the discussion moving forward is how much parking should be preserved on Queen Anne Avenue North, she said, adding the two-way configuration also creates concerns due to the number of turns available to motorists.
16980	Part of the fun of these movies is the banter between your characters.
16981	Part of their appeal was the devil-may-care-attitude of the foursome themselves and the colorful evilness of their group of villains.
16982	Part of the reason for that could be because “Latinx” just hasn’t been around as long as the other descriptors, Lopez said.
16983	Part of the statement reads, “The presence of police personnel at the Secretariat is not to seal-up the Complex as has been reported in some quarters but rather to prevent any untoward situation within and around the APC National Secretariat.
16984	Part of this might be because of just how antiquated of a villain he is in a lot of ways- the histrionics, the speaking in the third person, the complete and total craziness of his personality.
16985	Part of what he said he uncovered was that for the past ten years, the nominal roll of pensioners have been static to the total number of N30,000 pensioners in Imo.
16986	Parts of this tech sound a bit like the window technology we first experienced on the debut of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner back in 2014.
16987	Passage of the nearly $1 trillion COVID-19 economic relief package was expected later Monday.
16988	Passengers can expect a modern new look for the waiting area, complete with comfortable and contemporary lounge-style seats.
16989	Passengers from the UK, Canada, Malaysia, Germany, Belgium, Philippines and Indonesia also died.
16990	• Passengers will be screened prior to boarding which consists of speaking with an Ontario Northland employee to answer a questionnaire.
16991	Passerby Pitchakorn, 18, said: 'I was waiting outside the building and was slapped by the foreign man before he threatened my sister by aiming a gun at her forehead.
16992	Passing any optimistic views, it is important to realize that as long as we have conflicting interests, there will be no peace.
16993	Passing through the Senate would be a step in the right direction.
16994	Passionate as Artem is about his dancing, Nikki is completely behind his return and cannot wait to cheer for him throughout the season.
16995	Passion House embodies what we mean by really, good beans.
16996	Pass through the spectacular town known as the Kanchanaburi, which holds a rich history for World War II sites.
16997	Passwords have now been put in place by default, and K-through-12 schools will use an additional security feature called the "waiting room," which allows users to see who's joining and restrict access.
16998	Past due loans maintained to normalized this quarter at just 0.28%.
16999	Pastor Gwanga said the church often looked out for disadvantaged members of the community to support.
17000	Past research studies have demonstrated a failure of such measures when industry is sheltered from competition or is given protection to offset high costs.
17001	Patanjali claimed Tuesday that it has found a cure to the deadly coronavirus pandemic.
17002	Patcha, in a coma, remained in critical condition with brain swelling.
17003	Patchwork remedies aid individuals and businesses, but nothing stitches them together the way the business volunteers did after Andrew.
17004	Pat Cummins and Steve Smith are among the NSW-based players who have been in the equivalent of stage three restrictions for a fortnight.
17005	Patel, a businessman who grew up in India but now lives outside Chicago and planned his vacation to India around the rally, said he supports Trump because he helped push through the 2017 tax cuts and his opposition to illegal immigration.
17006	Pathological liars tell compulsive lies without a clear motive.
17007	Patience and discipline will help us overcome COVID-19 problem: Bipin Rawat Chief of Defence Staff General Bipin Rawat said that as armed forces we understand our responsibility in the fight against COVID-19.
17008	Patients given anti-HIV medication lopinavir/ritonavir or the flu tablets Arbidol did not improve any quicker than those treated without drugs in the study of 86 patients.
17009	"Patients will be contacted by their attending physician who will decide the next course of action.
17010	Patients with an underlying health condition are invited to fill out an online questionnaire at home to see if they are eligible for the trial.
17011	Patriarch Filaret, who was excommunicated by the Moscow Patriarchate after he broke his Kyiv Patriarchate away from Moscow in 1992, has of an independent Ukrainian church.
17012	Patrick denied the allegations, and his daughter also denied being pushed by him.
17013	Patrick Hockstetter, played by Owen Teague in 2017, was a character not included at all in the 1990 miniseries.
17014	“Patriotism alone doesn’t set food on people’s tables,” said Smith, a state assemblywoman.
17015	Patriots OC Josh McDaniels holds the trigger…
17016	Patrons are urged to also present for testing at a COVID-19 clinic.
17017	Pats will wait post June 1st so they don’t mess with compensatory formula and shop for bargains.
17018	Patterson also made an impact behind the curtain too and is credited with creating the original format for the Royal Rumble match.
17019	Paul and Di spent 20 years together and, after medical interventions owing to his paraplegia, were able to have a son, Ben.
17020	Paul Butler said: “I’m quite worried about the rise in infection rates,” and added that costs will skyrocket with reopening the fitness centre, in part because of the extra measures that have to be taken.
17021	Paul Haring photographs the pope’s trip to Japan in 2019.
17022	Paul McNamee takes an order for collection at his restaurant in Falmouth.
17023	Paul Singer has found the perfect medium to alert the world of his distaste for the word, “secretive.”
17024	Pavizham Biju, its president, said that political parties just did not care about the lives of ordinary people.
17025	Paycheck Protection Program loans will be provided by SBA Preferred Lenders first, followed by other banks or credit unions as they are approved by the SBA for PPP participation.
17026	Paying 7GGG is a lot, but a 10/10 with hexproof and trample is a game-winning threat in any Limited game.
17027	Paying the 13% Derivation Fund to the state government’s of the region is not just robbery of the people who bear the brunts of oil and gas exploration and exploitation activities, but also an aberration against nature and social justice.
17028	Pay-TV broadcaster Sky said it will show all games on the first two weekends for free in Germany.
17029	PBS White House correspondent fired back at Fox News host for, among other things, “making baseless claims about bad grammar.”
17030	PCCC has also accused Biden of giving the impression that “electability means old, white, male, and conservative,” according to Politico.
17031	PC Chandler said those taking part often bragged about betting thousands of pounds on the number of times a dog makes a hare turn with extra points for a kill.
17032	PC gamers are often outspoken about their loathing of Denuvo and other DRM - or digital rights management - software being tacked on to videogames.
17033	P COURTER: Well, we've tried to reach out.
17034	PC version will follow soon.
17035	Peabody was indicted last month by the Androscoggin County grand jury, which convened for the first time since March, when the court system dramatically cut back its operations due to the coronavirus pandemic.
17036	“Peace and security of the country come first,” said the minister for information technology.
17037	Peanut harvest neared completion with some late-planted fields to go.
17038	PEARCY — In their Central Arkansas Junior High Conference match on Monday night, the Bryant Lady Hornets and Lake Hamilton Lady Wolves freshman duel came down to a third and final set.
17039	Pedro has been out warming up, but Willian’s good to continue.
17040	Pegasus was a lot of things, but he wasn't pure evil as a five-year-old.
17041	Peggy Abbott, CEO of Ouachita County Medical Center in Camden, participated in a conference call with AHA members and the health department Thursday.
17042	P.E.I.'s health minister says the province can expect up to 30,000 doses of COVID-19 vaccine to arrive in less than two months.
17043	Pekary added that MSNBC is not the only network to function this way.
17044	Pelosi and her caucus in the House released an ambitious $3 trillion proposal on Tuesday for the next round of stimulus legislation.
17045	Pence touted Trump’s third Supreme Court pick, federal appeals court Judge Amy Coney Barrett, with senators on track to vote on her confirmation before the end of the month.
17046	Pence was placed in charge of the Trump administration’s coronavirus response efforts by President Donald Trump on Feb. 26.
17047	Pendal Group Ltd bought a new position in shares of Haemonetics in the fourth quarter valued at $84,000.
17048	PengolinCoin (PGO) traded up 22.5% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0037 or 0.00000027 BTC.
17049	Peninsula Asset Management Inc. grew its stake in Microsoft by 8.5% during the 1st quarter.
17050	Penn State was ranked for the first time in two decades thanks to a 12-2 start, which included a 106-74 loss at Ohio State on Dec. 7, before losing its next three games.
17051	Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf on Tuesday quietly allowed gun shops to reopen, but only by appointment during limited hours if customers and employees comply with social distancing and other protective measures.
17052	Pen-shaped, charged like an iPod, the IQOS is not an e-cigarette, but a heated tobacco device.
17053	Pensions leave cities with bankruptcy as their…
17054	Penticton Fire Department also informed the residents on what they should do next.
17055	Penz said proper mask choice and how it is worn will contribute to its effectiveness.
17056	“People are eating almost every meal at home, which is a huge change,” says Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian, a cardiologist and dean of the Tufts Friedman School of Nutrition Science.
17057	People are encouraged to watch ceremonies from home if possible.
17058	People are going to be able to go outside and go to our restaurants, see our neighbors.
17059	People are going to be calling you to do their media and stuff for your creativity.
17060	People are just malicious and I wonder why they are not finishing that transaction.
17061	People are not permitted to travel abroad on holiday in Tier 4 areas.
17062	"People are not used to with those folding screens.
17063	"People aren't going to tolerate being second-class citizens as pedestrians," said Lea Movelle, an organizer with the Social Justice Co-operative of Newfoundland and Labrador.
17064	“People are opening up these attachments not realizing that they’re malicious,” he said.
17065	People are very welcoming,” he said.
17066	“People are worried about the pandemic getting worse before it gets better,” said FleishmanHillard HighRoad senior vice president Anna Lilly.
17067	People around me were screaming!
17068	“People ask me to send them a voice note saying their name for $500,” she said.
17069	People aware of the discussion said the company will be manufacturing smartphones worth Rs 2.2 lakh crore, priced above Rs 15,000 per unit, under the production-linked incentive (PLI) scheme.
17070	People can expect to see videos of Bryant playing while he was at Lower Merion.
17071	People can’t work, go to school, or get health care without it.
17072	People choke under those circumstances.”
17073	People come in just to experience the ambience, sit on the regal, vintage-inspired sofa, and take a fun trip down memory lane.
17074	People didn’t know about civil disobedience and the philosophy of nonviolence.
17075	“People don’t realize how funny Zoe Kravitz is.
17076	People enjoy sex, story at 11.
17077	People even when China and WHO had denied existence of evidence of human-to-human transmission, as China fought it, and continue to disappear even after China claimed victory over the disease.
17078	People experiencing homelessness are more likely to have chronic health conditions that go untreated, and are among the populations most vulnerable to the spread of COVID-19.
17079	People feel that Ardern “doesn’t preach at them; she’s standing with them,” Helen Clark, New Zealand’s prime minister from 1999 to 2008, told me.
17080	People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals v. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is the useless cultural battle America didn't know it needed until this past week.
17081	People from 33 different countries also contributed points and questions in the discussions.
17082	People get speared in the back of the head, making their face slam into the turf on every play?
17083	People going to a business is not what's driving it.
17084	People had to beg the police to be let out of the queue, over the barriers, to use the toilet and be let back in. The police started to turn newcomers away, then sent some people home, a few hundred behind us in the line.
17085	“People have already started asking questions about the apiary,” Argust said.
17086	People have been restored to passive apathy, while the intellectual language of righteous empire and resource acquisition cravenly and amorally moves on.
17087	“People have been through a lot, but they see the Flyers doing well as a way to feel good, as a way to feel some wonderful things are happening in our community.”
17088	“People have had more than enough opportunities.
17089	People have periods and The Hello Cup's commitment to not making periods a gender issue is refreshing."
17090	“People have posted pictures on Facebook of ones they’ve seen that are 18-inches or more.”
17091	People in France and Germany were bracing Wednesday for tough new curbs on their daily lives as Europe struggled to contain an alarming surge in coronavirus cases with winter looming.
17092	People in small apartments with family or in the barracks with roommates have reported difficulty finding a dedicated quiet space free of distractions.
17093	People in their own jobs don’t have the opportunity to develop themselves that do with something like this event.”
17094	People in Zimbabwe are consequently responding differently to these crises.
17095	People killed them off on any islands worth inhabiting.
17096	People leave their jobs when they do not feel recognised or appreciated.
17097	People like Akintol and Olunloyo were “evil.”
17098	People making up their own rules.
17099	“People may have started out with socially conservative views but as you go through life, they change,” he said, acknowledging he voted against same-sex marriage in 2005 but voted not to reopen the issue in 2006.
17100	People might have to go shopping to find stuff.
17101	People need stabilization with basic needs before they are able to focus on more internal issues.
17102	“People need to ask themselves are these necessary journeys.”
17103	People need to understand this: Our medical professionals have put elaborate systems in place to protect you from contamination.
17104	People of all ages have contracted the virus and about half are African American.
17105	People of Asian descent, including Chinese Americans, are not more likely to get COVID-19.
17106	People often tend to relax and they feel like they’ll be treated fairly.
17107	People on Twitter loved the blooper with one even commenting “On the bright side, he has his pants on.”
17108	People really just are not caring.
17109	'People say they saw it coming.
17110	“People seem to be getting ahead of themselves,” said Amy Upton, who identified herself as a tradesperson, speaking at the West Tisbury selectmen’s meeting Friday.
17111	People should be held accountable for anything they do to try to hurt this country on this president.”
17112	People stand in front of it and interact with the color and the light and the feeling that they get from it, and then over there is what we’re calling the Spectra Galaxy, and you go inside there and transform the universe.”
17113	PEOPLE suffering with depression in Spain are 50% more likely to die early, a new study has revealed.
17114	People take part in a bathing ritual on the last day of the month-long Swasthani festival at the Hanumante River on the outskirts of Kathmandu.
17115	People talk about the great weather we’ve been experiencing of late (coincidence?), satellite pollution maps of South Africa and most other countries clearing up, birds everywhere and dolphins swimming in the canals of Venice (fake news, sorry).
17116	People think power is finishing fast bcoz load shedding has reduced so they are consuming more.
17117	People thought the photos were fake because of all the bones there.'
17118	People under the age of 14 will have to be indoors by 8pm, while those aged 15 to 17 will need to be off the streets by 10pm.
17119	“People up here don’t go and buy expensive plans with these beautiful entry ways for their shops for the most part,” she said.
17120	People using Zoom made some mistakes too, like Jeffrey Toobin.
17121	People walk past the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), Feb. 12, 2020, in New York.
17122	“People want high-end quality, and it’s hard to achieve with delivery,” he said.
17123	"People were not going to accept the government telling them what to do."
17124	People were recognizing us from the video.
17125	“People who are against things always seem to shout louder and make the most noise,” he says.
17126	People who are clinically obese are 40% more likely to die of COVID-19, according to new Public Health England figures.
17127	People who are desirous of working together with the Bicycle Mayor of Guwahati and Pedal for a Change to make ground level changes are invited to join the program.
17128	People who think they've just got a cough (or a worst a mild does of the flu) and would rather go to work than a hospital?
17129	People will also be told to avoid non-essential travel in and out of areas with a very high alert level.
17130	People will be tested if they have any one of the following symptoms and if they have travelled outside the territory in the last 14 days or have had close contact with anyone who has travelled outside the territory.
17131	“People with disabilities have been super supportive and they really see the value, in terms of creating a positive, action-oriented approach.
17132	People with respiratory problems should stay indoors as much as possible.
17133	People working throughout the shopping center were reluctant to go on camera.
17134	Pep Guardiola: “I don't know how many chances they created.
17135	Pepperdine won the first set on every singles court.
17136	PepsiCo (NASDAQ:PEP) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, October 1st.
17137	Per diem payments to lawmakers for the regular session cost the state about two million dollars a year.
17138	Performance also commemorates Beethoven’s 250th anniversary, one of the Orchestra’s goals for 2020.
17139	“Performers of his stature are once-in-generation gifts.
17140	Perhaps a reasonable answer to the gripes against skill-based matchmaking would be utilizing casual playlists for those who are not interested in playing ranked matches.
17141	Perhaps because of its isolation, the Mojave Desert has long attracted flamboyant characters, including charlatans and hustlers peddling hidden treasure.
17142	Perhaps, but we don’t know yet if any of the vaccines remain effective for that long.
17143	Perhaps ‘everything he says is right’ is this president’s policy.
17144	Perhaps he meets up with an old foe who doesn’t like men of lesser size in Sheamus.
17145	Perhaps he’s a fine man.
17146	Perhaps if we celebrate them as such we might start to dispel that “sticky thought” that a woman cannot excel as both.
17147	Perhaps, it is his attempt to keep reminding us that Namoko the great, came from Thyolo, one of the districts in the Lhomwe belt.
17148	Perhaps it is time to rethink “home schooling” versus “in school”.
17149	Perhaps it was that.
17150	Perhaps Lola will warn Summer that it’s not much fun to get over Kyle.
17151	Perhaps most exciting is the promise of an even more potent version.
17152	Perhaps most important of all, Maze allows each persona to view and collaborate on the results of their research.
17153	Perhaps President Weah, being a novice to politics and being surrounded by a host of parasitic praise singers who continue to suck the life blood of the nation, is still trying to find his footing.
17154	Perhaps the 15-time (and 18-time nominee) is focusing on her next album, which fans were also begging for in the comments of her Instagram post.
17155	Perhaps the biggest benefit of MedModular rooms is how quickly they can be produced.
17156	Perhaps the engine’s rear-entry installation could be a clue that Bats is hiding his “emergency roadside assistance” under the front hood, but I would be lying if I said I wasn’t skeptical over how much he will be able to fit in there.
17157	Perhaps the most famous and most revered samurai film.
17158	Perhaps the most impactful song that effectively tells a story is the seventh track, titled “Heroin.”
17159	Perhaps the most powerful foe of public education in the Trump administration, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos, even threatened to withhold federal funding if local school districts decided to resume school totally online this fall.
17160	Perhaps the returning WP holder themselves should not have to pay but in that case, it should be taken from the “repatriation fees kitty” or, as a last resort, fall on the employer.
17161	Perhaps the RNC should consider a few other examples, as well.
17162	Perhaps the stumbling of some of them into newly emerging censorships results form the difficulty of changes in Syria overall.
17163	Perhaps they are simply clicking a lot more than before.
17164	Perhaps they’re scariest because we needn’t look far to find their like.
17165	"Perhaps this is the effect again," Ms Sim said.
17166	Perhaps this will go even further, though.
17167	Perhaps through campaign donations, or perhaps through other financially supportive means of Trump or the Trump Organization.
17168	Perhaps, what is more egregious is the complicity of the community in which Destiny worked and lived.
17169	Perhaps you do not worry about your own health, but your behaviour could result in other people losing their life.
17170	Perhaps you have to be from the north of England to understand the suicidal politics of behaving as if the south can humiliate the north.
17171	Periodically, the would transmit its findings using a sixteen-foot parabolic antenna on its deck to beam a signal towards the moon, where it would reflect back to the Earth for reception by Navy antennas in Hawaii and Maryland.
17172	Perlstein's new book is "Reaganland: America’s Right Turn 1976-1980."
17173	Permits and clearances not approved within the prescribed periods will be deemed automatically approved, as stipulated in Section 10 of R.A. 11032.
17174	Perry's sister appears to have different views than her murder.
17175	Perseverance’s chosen location will serve as a landing pad for five flights, sometime during the first 90 days of the mission.
17176	Persistent flooding on Lindig Street has prompted a plan to install a shallow retention pond on city right-of-way, Thongvanh said.
17177	Per the official character description, Alice took off “to follow her acting dreams, knowing that the silver screen and Hollywood were calling.”
17178	Perth Festival opening weekend will be hosting a two-set show that features singer-songwriters Ngaiire and Emma Donovan.
17179	Peter Hamby with his dog, Boone, who loves rocks.
17180	Peter Kolba, the head of VSV, said last month that a hasty and delayed quarantine and evacuation on 13 March led to tourists having to take crammed buses, which led to further infections.
17181	PETER Mwenya became one of betPawa’s first K0.50 Jackpot ticket BIG winners, winning K114,559.73 on emPawa13.
17182	Petersen said that “on paper” he supports an assault weapons ban but said he has concerns about “details that nobody seems to have figured out yet.”
17183	Peters missed Wednesday and Thursday practices due to illness.
17184	Peterson went missing Nov. 10 when he walked away from his home immediately before several major snowstorms impacted the area.
17185	Petroleum Detachment Prepares to Keep Soldiers in Fight, must comply with the restrictions shown on https://www.
17186	Petta had Nawazuddin Siddiqui in the antagonist's role along with Vijay Sethupathi.
17187	Pet Valu on Spring Garden Road has also been identified as a potential source of COVID-19 exposure on Nov. 9 from 5:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.
17188	Pew spoke to more than 12,000 Americans last October and November, all of them part of the organization’s regular online survey panel that has been recruited through a national random sample.
17189	Pfizer employees cheered as the shots were packaged, marking a historic moment for the pandemic.
17190	Pfizer is planning a much larger study for later this year of the same treatment Conner got, and other companies are now working on different types of gene therapy to treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
17191	Pharmacies are already advertising shots for the flu, a virus that by itself can overwhelm health care facilities.
17192	Pharmacies last year did not have the seniors’ dose and my doctor was only given limited dosages, not enough for all his senior patients.
17193	Pharrell concluded his speech with an important note: "Setting a new standard and leading how states observe Juneteenth is important because it implies that there will be others to follow, and there be others to follow."
17194	Phase-II will now allow Bhutanese card holders to access RuPay network in India, the Ministry of External Affairs had said in a statement.
17195	Phase one would let some businesses reopen, such as clothing stores, houseware stores, and book stores.
17196	Phase Six would be moving forward to initiate the plan.
17197	Pheomelanin compound contains sulphur, and gives human beings red and auburn hair, as well as red lips.
17198	PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — Gov. Tom Wolf is easing more restrictions across Pennsylvania.
17199	PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — Road crews across the region spent much of the day preparing the roads for the wintry weather and their job won’t be over until the storm is over.
17200	PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — Saint Joseph’s University launched its campus arrival testing center Monday.
17201	Philadelphia eagles……the luckiest sb in the history of the nfl.
17202	Philadelphia in particular is a Democratic stronghold with more than 1.1 million registered voters, which is more than 10 per cent of all the voters in the state.
17203	PHILADELPHIA — Jake Voracek wore a T-shirt in the locker room for a beer named in of teammate Kevin Hayes.
17204	PHIL and We Care Foundation are the two organizations implementing the program in partnership with the Ministries of Health and Education for eighteen (18) months.
17205	Philippe said public transport would remain open, but that the government expected companies to put into place systems for people to work from home beginning on Monday.
17206	Phillips said in light of the additional drainage improvements on tap during 2020, assuring residents are informed is vital.
17207	Phillips: There is no 'me you should be'
17208	Phillip then appeared on This Morning, where he was interviewed by his co-host and close friend Holly Willoughby, who said she was 'so proud' of the star and will 'sit by his side forever and ever'.
17209	Philosophy doesn’t always get it completely right though.
17210	Phil Taylor won the last of his 16 crowns aged 53 in 2013.
17211	Phoebe Waller-Bridge’s final return to the play that made her name will be released online to raise money for the NHS and a number of coronavirus charities.
17212	Phoenix Holdings Ltd. owned approximately 1.02% of Evogene as of its most recent SEC filing.
17213	Phoenix, in accepting his individual achievement for “Joker,” rambled on and pleaded with his peers to do their part to save the planet by refraining from flying around in their private jets so much.
17214	Phones with the software activated will automatically exchange identifiers if they recognize that people have been in contact for an extended period of time that could lead to an exposure.
17215	Photo by Lily Denehy '22.
17216	Photo by Press Association.
17217	Photocells are also used for conserving energy.
17218	Photo courtesy of Irvin Yang for The UCSD Guardian.
17219	Photo courtesy of Jax Fish House & Oyster Bar on Facebook.
17220	Photo courtesy of Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call, Inc via Getty Images.
17221	Photographs and logo are the intellectual property of the San Diego NAACP.
17222	Photographs of Edwards at the Belmont club show a man comfortable in his surroundings, smiling and apparently at ease.
17223	PHOTO: Rudy Giuliani with Lev Parnas, Igor Fruman, third 'unnamed associate'
17224	Photo: SuppliedAnother major event in Canterbury will go ahead as normality starts to return following the Covid-19 restrictions.
17225	Physical distancing: Outside of a bubble, students will have to maintain a one-metre distance from each other and a two-metre distance between students and staff.
17226	Physicians and scientists at the Stanford School of Medicine discussed their current understanding of COVID-19 and answered questions about ongoing measures and policies meant to control the disease.
17227	Pianist/keyboardist Billy Childs also has a new album, “Acceptance from Mack Avenue,” due out on August 28. On this album, he plays with core players saxophonist Steve Wilson, bassist Hans Glawiscnig, and drummer Eric Harland.
17228	Picasso was entranced by this beautiful, liberated woman.
17229	Pick between plates like plantain pancakes with sorrel syrup, curry scrambled eggs, or a sampler platter with peanut stew, okra, and a choice of protein.
17230	Pickens county schools are moving to virtual or remote learning.
17231	Picking the perfect engagement ring will show her that you know her tastes and that you care enough to put thought and money into the details.
17232	Picking up the phone and reaching out—that is what is going to save lives.”
17233	Pick the phone and give your friends a call once in a while.
17234	Pick up a bottle while you’re there.
17235	Pick up Holbrook’s new book – the story of her life, the hard times and the good times – and you won’t want to put it down until you reach the end.
17236	Pick up Nov. 26; order by Nov. 24.
17237	“Pick yourself up and dust yourself off, get back in the saddle.”
17238	Pictures don’t lie.
17239	Pier 1 announced Tuesday that it’s asking the bankruptcy court to cease its retail operations “as soon as reasonably possible.”
17240	Pierantoni signed the PFA order on Nov. 14, which prohibits Tolan from having any contact with the woman.
17241	PIERRE, S.D. (KJJQ) – The Senate Judiciary Committee passed a bill (SB 147) to prohibit collective bargaining by employees of the South Dakota Board of Regents.
17242	Pilcher’s producing credits include “The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks” starring Oprah Winfrey, the Oscar-nominated documentary “Cutie and the Boxer,” “The Talented Mr. Ripley” and the Reese Witherspoon-led adaptation of “Vanity Fair.”
17243	“Pilot to navigator, can’t help it Jack, we’ve got to follow the 93rd.
17244	Pima County has also contracted with Maximus Health & Services, Inc. to boost contact tracing efforts in the region.
17245	Pine Bluff rallied from the 6-0 deficit and had the tying run at third when Bryant manager Craig Harrison called on his other ace Scott Yant.
17246	Pink bollworm infestation can be controlled primarily by targeting moths.
17247	Pink is rather trendy at the moment so you really can’t go wrong with a few pink pieces.
17248	Pinpricks all over your skin, especially your scalp.
17249	Piper Alderman's cases, none of which have yet been filed, will allege the financial giants "contravened specific obligations owed to their customers when taking commissions from product issuers," the law firm said.
17250	Piper Sandler boosted their target price on Intuitive Surgical from $595.00 to $680.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, October 16th.
17251	Piper Sandler Companies operates as an investment bank and institutional securities firm that serves corporations, private equity groups, public entities, non-profit entities, and institutional investors in the United States and internationally.
17252	Pippos’s first book Lucky’s is a celebration of Greek Australian cafe culture, and spans an entire lifetime: not just of the characters themselves but of the cafes, from their dominance to their obsolescence.
17253	PISD is committed to providing the best graduation experience possible for our Class of 2020.
17254	Pissios’ plan later seemed to gain footing with Emanuel in office, but neither project was approved.
17255	Pitchfork points outis one of two new Madlib releases announced this week.
17256	Pitelka was fishing a Googan Squad watermelon red-flake Bandito Bug, his hot bait recently.
17257	Pitt’s Black Action Society held an online vigil for Black lives lost to police brutality on Wednesday evening.
17258	PITTSBURGH (AP) — Ke’Bryan Hayes fit just about everything he could into his major league debut.
17259	PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — Chef Crystal Baldwin stops by the Pittsburgh Today Live kitchen with a fresh take on an American classic.
17260	Pittsburgh Weather: Stretch Of Dry Conditions To ContinueThis will be the 12th dry day in a row at Pittsburgh International Airport and going for 14 now on Sunday, with the chance of rain holding off until Monday.
17261	Pixel 4 users can now pause or play a song by just tapping (or mimicking a tap gesture) in the air above the phone.
17262	Place 125g of mixed dried fruit (apple, peaches and pears) OR fresh fruit (2 chopped apples and 1 small pineapple, peeled and chopped) in a large container that can hold 3l of liquid.
17263	Place pie on a baking sheet.
17264	Places of worship must also now reduce their capacity from 75 to 50%, as seen during the deescalation phase.
17265	“Places where I would go for solitude are not as conducive for that.”
17266	Place your bids in the silent auction at cacr.
17267	Plagued by continuing deaths of wild elephants, the Forest Department recently started aerial surveillance of the pachyderms using drones, in some forest ranges of the Coimbatore forest division.
17268	Plaistow Fire Station crew in east London stand outside their building as they clap.
17269	Plan a fun adventure with your loved ones even if it has to be virtual.
17270	Plan ahead and see full details here: https://t.
17271	Plan ahead, passengers: Jan.
17272	Planes could fly without a single middle seat occupied.
17273	Planning Director Braston Newton said his staff recommended the rezoning petition and special use application be denied due to the extreme density of the project and all the traffic being funneled onto a dead end road.
17274	Planning for more reasonable gifts, he said, can help set you up for success next December.
17275	“Plans are being developed and being reviewed,” Berlo said.
17276	Plans are underway for the 38th annual Governor's Charity Steer Show Aug. 15.  The event, which raises money for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Iowa, would typically be held at the Iowa State Fair.
17277	Plateau confirmed 21 cases and FCT reported 18 cases.
17278	Platte (1-5 Sunshine League) plays Corsica/Stickney on Friday in Corsica.
17279	Players are set to receive 100 per cent of their salaries despite an abbreviated 22-game schedule, and those that sit out over health concerns are also entitled to that money.
17280	Players can’t touch rakes or flagsticks and carts are only for drivers, but the strange thing for the reigning Masters champion is practicing with no event in mind.
17281	Players can use terraforming to build a large plaza outside the museum, then decorate it with fossils and other science-related items.
17282	Players from both teams received the opportunity to take on-field batting practice and infield/outfield, while St. Mary’s EJ Leone and Arlington Catholic’s Jason Smith were the game’s respective starting pitchers.
17283	Players have the option of purchasing these resources, but can easily grind for them in-game.
17284	Players have to bring their own water bottles, we've provided bottles of water just in case of over heating or anything like that, players run out.
17285	Players in the dugout would eventually hit a trash can with a bat to tell the batter which pitch to expect.
17286	Players will be alerted at the beginning of each day as to which Ooblets are available to dance battle that day.
17287	Players without the Mercantile Skill at max will need to visit one of three camps to sell stolen items.
17288	Playing along netball legends including Laura Langman and veteran shooter Maria Tutaia– Folau was a special one and an experience she would never forget.
17289	Playing three rounds consecutively at Panchkula will help me and my aim will be to be in the lead,” shared Kochhar, who hit 14 greens in regulation.
17290	Playing under 25 percent of the snaps this past week, Dunlap’s anger clearly hit an all-time high, and now the are looking, seemingly more aggressively, at trading the star.
17291	"Please be cautious this holiday weekend.
17292	Please change, if your primary account is Yes Bank, to any other and withdrawal the funds.”
17293	Please come and support your Farmers Market during what has been a difficult year,” Mercier said.
17294	Please don't resort to violence, stone-throwing or lynching.
17295	Please help in domestic work.
17296	Please help us improve our work by leaving your valuable feedback in the comment section below.
17297	Please keep her on.
17298	Please save your questions until I can address the situation.”
17299	“Please send your details to the following email addresses: with the subject: ‘Registration of Stranded Ugandan Nationals’” read part of the notice capping the deadline to April 24, 2020.
17300	Please speak to your employer/agency to ascertain if this option would be acceptable, noting there is a cost for this service.
17301	‘Please stay away and don’t put a burden on our already stretched resources and services.’
17302	Please take care of your policemen.
17303	Please wear both.
17304	Plenty of mental resilience was also required after a tricky first quarter when Toulouse eased into a 6-0 lead from two penalties from Thomas Ramos.
17305	Plenty of viewers were marking up personal bests, grabbing easy-win points with questions about British seaside towns, English football and US television series.
17306	Plot details are currently being kept under wraps so it's not clear how, precisely, the character will be utilized.
17307	Plotopterids, an extinct family of flightless seabirds, had strikingly similar bone fragments to the ‘monster penguins’ that lived in New Zealand more than 60 million years ago.
17308	PL stadiums should have big screens so eâ€¦ https://t.
17309	Plumber man fixing kitchen sink.
17310	Plum Students Holding Fortnite FundraiserPittsburgh Today Live's Celina Pompeani has a look at how elementary school students in Plum are raising money for the needy while enjoying their video games.
17311	Plus, Dark Paladin is a good card to have in a battle against opponents like Kaiba and Joey, because this card gains 500 ATK for every that's in the graveyard or on the field.
17312	Plus, Heidi Klum previews her.
17313	Plus I don't think the likelihood of coming off of it without a lung transplant or similar is all that high.
17314	Plus, info from WA court records.
17315	Plus, it doubles as a 6,000mAh power bank that can recharge your iPhone.
17316	Plus, it's cruelty free and vegan – no bunnies were harmed in the making of this product!
17317	Plus, Michelle has been a massive advocate for Clare being The Bachelorette.
17318	Plus, Snoop predicts the Lakers will win 2 more titles with LeBron and Anthony Davis.
17319	Plus, we taste nothing like a baby seal, tho a lot of are shaped like one.
17320	PM Abiy Ahmed did not address Mr Trump's remarks directly, but there appears to be little doubt what prompted his robust comments.
17321	PM has, as reported in media, agreed to meet online, with Xi Jingping in scheduled Head of Governments meetings of SCO, BRICS, and G20 in November.
17322	PM Modi said that Dr Balasaheb Vikhe Patil had dedicated his entire life to the benefit of society through his path-breaking work in various fields, including agriculture and cooperatives.
17323	Pocomoke is evenly split between Black and White residents.
17324	Poindexter elaborated on the second phase’s criticality.
17325	Point72 Asset Management L.P. owned about 0.10% of Carrier Global worth $19,397,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.
17326	Pointwest said the HealthPass app adds a layer of health screenings available to companies on top of the temperature check done outside premises and the mandatory wearing of face masks.
17327	Poison Ivy and Harley Quinn have a long relationship, so it's no surprise that the two significantly respect one another.
17328	Poje was a contestant in the last Battle of the Blades season with Natalie Spooner, a judge from this season’s panel.
17329	Poke Ichii is open from 11 a.m.–9 p.m. daily.
17330	Polarized: 'Why I'm not voting for Biden or Trump'
17331	Police agencies have been quick to single out re-offenders.
17332	Police also appealed for any CCTV footage that might offer clues on what happened to the married father-of-three, as the Foreign Office says it is "extremely worried" about his disappearance.
17333	Police and ADF patrol Docklands during stage four lockdown.
17334	Police and government soldiers shot or stabbed to death 104 BDK supporters and bystanders.
17335	Police and medics responding to a reported dog bite early Sunday morning ended up filing charges against the victim after she fought with and bled on officers, public safety officials said.
17336	Police and the ambulance service have been contacted for more information.
17337	Police are searching for the blue van the man was driving.
17338	Police car waiting on Princess Street, Brighton-Le-Sands in Sydney's south, where it is illegal to turn left off The Grand Parade after 9pm on weekends.
17339	Police charged 61-year-old Donald Woodland, of Bracebridge, with Indecent Act CC 173(1)(b) and Operation while Impaired – over 80 CC 320.14(1)(b).
17340	Police Commissioner Dermot Shea said Thursday he was ordering an internal investigation.
17341	Police dealt with more drug offences at Pittodrie than any other kind of crime over the last three years.
17342	Police departments across the state “do our job very well; we’re tied in with the community in Maine,” Hagan said.
17343	Police detain farmers protesting against the farm laws in Lucknow on Friday.
17344	Police didn’t give the name of the street.
17345	Police documents obtained by BBC Scotland also show concern that the number of parties happening could be far greater than the 3,052 recorded between 28 August and 14 October.
17346	Police finally tracked him down in February, when he was arrested and placed into custody.
17347	Police fire percussion rounds to clear protesters from Grand Avenue in downtown Los Angeles.
17348	Police had obtained a search warrant for the home just weeks before the bodies were found after neighbors called police to report gunfire.
17349	Police have been searching for Carpentier since July 8, when his daughters Norah and Romy Carpentier, aged 11 and 6, went missing and became subjects of a nation-wide child abduction alert.
17350	Police have not been able to identify the deceased as there are no missing people reported in the villages surrounding where the bodies were found.
17351	Police identified the two Quebec City residents who died in in the attack as 56-year-old Francois Duchesne and 61-year-old Suzanne Clermont.
17352	Police immediately evacuated the Quebec station, directing people to clear away from the surrounding area.
17353	Police in most large cities have backed away from certain arrests to guard against further spread of the virus.
17354	POLICE IN POLAND say they detained 15 people during protests in Warsaw against a court ruling that toughened the nation’s strict abortion laws.
17355	Police in the medina (old city) of Fez arrested on Tuesday morning a suspect for his alleged involvement in the violent indecent assault of a minor.
17356	Police investigators at the scene of the fatal stabbing of a woman by her husband in Holon, April 28, 2020.
17357	Police officers and Fire and Rescue personnel responded to reports of a stabbing on Feb. 13 and found Rasmussen inside the home “suffering from what appeared to be a cutting wound,” the news release stated.
17358	Police officials said that the family members of the deceased persons were being contacted.
17359	Police previously told reporters that it appears the suspect was “lying in wait” on a side street before the homicide.
17360	Police raided 19 homes across Adelaide last week, including one in Munno Para West, seizing around $6 million worth of cannabis.
17361	Police ran the license plate and discovered the vehicle or plate had been stolen.
17362	Police said he was wearing black shoes or boots, light blue jeans, and a dark button-down shirt or jacket.
17363	Police said multiple people alerted them to graffiti at Baker Park on June 27. When officers arrived, they found spray-painted graffiti at three different spots in the park, including at the bandshell, covered bridge and pump house at Culler Lake.
17364	Police said officers found a screwdriver and a large amount of cash on the suspect.
17365	Police said that they have relied on the purported suicide note as the “dying declaration“.
17366	Police said the hit and run crash happened at about 6:15 a.m. on Wednesday, Jan.
17367	Police said they’re continuing a probe into a number of social media posts on suspicion of incitement.
17368	Police said Tuesday the search is continuing.
17369	Police say a woman believed to be in her mid 30’s was stabbed once in the left arm on the 700 block of N. Dekalb Street around 3:22 a.m. Sunday.
17370	Police say he was dressed like a police officer — carrying a Glock, a stun gun and pepper spray — and identified himself as a member of the Fugitive Task Force when he called it in.
17371	Police say officers who were called to reports of someone with a gun on Friday and were pursuing a Range Rover when it rammed into their cruiser.
17372	Police say that officers attend a McDonald’s parking lot at 674 Queenston Road at around 3 a.m. on Wednesday after receiving several complaints.
17373	Police say that suddenly, a white Pontiac Grand Prix ran a red light near Fuqua and the Beltway, hitting her car.
17374	Police say the deputy quickly responded to the scene and requested additional resources.
17375	Police say the vehicle drove erratically through a residential area, allegedly failing to stop at several stop signs, before turning around on Machray Avenue and heading directly towards two police cruisers.
17376	Police sources have confirmed to that the pastor, groomsmen and bridesmaids were also arrested for contravening regulations around the lockdown.
17377	Police spokesman said the case was still under investigation.
17378	Police still seeking help to identify Sutherlands body.
17379	Police tackle 12-year-old to the ground in Hong Kong.
17380	Police then connected him to the man in surveillance photos in the sexual assault case of a 3-year-old.
17381	Police today confirmed they have arrested two people on suspicion of assault and robbery.
17382	Police told TimesLIVE on Sunday that two suspected robbers were shot dead.
17383	Police were aggressors from start to finish,” lawyer Ben Crump said in a statement.
17384	Police were alerted by London Ambulance Service at around 3:15am that the men had self-presented to hospital.
17385	Police were also probing whether a burnt-out car discovered nearby had any connection to the shooting.
17386	Police were called to a wedding last week at a house in London’s Golders Green that violated social distancing rules.
17387	Police were familiar with Peterson because she was a passenger in a vehicle driven by Rush that fled officers on Sept. 20. Police identified Rush as the driver using descriptions provided by the doctor, who noted the shooter had a dark tattoo on his neck.
17388	Police, who are working to identify the child and confirm if it is a boy or a girl, were seen deploying divers in a pond this morning.
17389	Policymakers must devise and uphold non-violence in schools for both teachers and students.
17390	Political affiliation, however, is not one.
17391	Political attacks are always part of any campaign, but this president makes it more about personality and less about policy differences with Democrats.
17392	Political commentators as well as former and current lawmakers have voiced their concerns over Mr Trump's commitment to a peaceful transference of power should he lose the election.
17393	Political scientists have concluded that peaceful protest movements that engage at least 3.5 per cent of the population have never failed to bring about change.
17394	Political tensions are meanwhile rising in the country ahead of presidential elections slated for December but which may be pushed back due to the coronavirus pandemic.
17395	"Politicians do NOT need a pay rise of €8,847 now.
17396	Politicians in this game for lecherous grabs of power, to be feted by the elite, and operate in service of their political peers and not the constituencies are the true leeches in this country.
17397	Polk's Audio Signa S2 may sit in the shadow of the newer S3 model, but the differences between the two are small and allow you to pick up this model for a cheaper price tag.
17398	“Pollsters did not do a good job in 2016.
17399	Poll: Who do you think will win the presidential election, and why?
17400	Pompeo said that in his talks with his counterparts around the world, there was general agreement that there were serious shortcomings in the World Health Organization (WHO), both in its regulatory and humanitarian assistance functions.
17401	Pompeo was on the phone with Selensky.
17402	PONTIAC, Mich. — The Michigan Court of Appeals on Friday ordered the release of a 15-year-old suburban Detroit girl from a juvenile facility where a county judge sent her for failing do schoolwork and because the teen was a threat to her mother.
17403	Pooch Perfect is a fantastic new addition to our strong slate of internationally successful formats and programs”.
17404	Pooh’s stomach rumbles again.
17405	Pool-X was officially launched in and is a PoS mining platform incubated and independently operated by the KuCoin team.
17406	Poor Charlie – we know that he tends to get flustered rather easily, so he’s really going to be on the spot.
17407	Poor is we, HSA has a shiny new machine to preform COVID-19 analyses but no reagents.
17408	Poor performance owing to temporary factors shouldn’t be judged the same way as poor performance from a lack of skills or effort.
17409	Pope Francis gingerly agreed to a nun’s request for a this week but said he would only approach her if she did not bite after video of him slapping away the hand of an overly enthusiastic pilgrim went viral and sparked a papal apology.
17410	Pope Francis, left, summoned the Vatican Secretary of State, Cardinal Pietro Parolin, right, and his team to a meeting on Wednesday.
17411	Pope Francis speaking at the Vatican on Sunday.
17412	Popular actor, Prajwal Devaraj's wife Ragini Prajwal is a successful model, entrepreneur and a remarkable Kathak dancer.
17413	Popular dishes include Arroz Con Pollo, Bronco Burrito and Ceviche de Cameron.
17414	Popular Durban theatre personality, Lisa Bobbert introduces an online talent search competition.
17415	Popular humour merchant, Ali Baba has frowned at the culture of begging among people with disability with an emphasis on the deaf and the dumb.
17416	Popular South African rapper Cassper Nyovest took to social media to speak his mind on how badly he wanted to be a billionaire one day.
17417	Pop-up fever clinics were being set up around the south-east on Saturday, including at Ipswich Hospital, Bundamba Salvation Army Church and Browns Plains Community Health Clinic.
17418	Porter missed a fadeaway jumper, and a rebound dunk by Nance came after time expired.
17419	Porter reads a new story over slowly waltzing piano on Woman.
17420	Portions go to the Mountaineer Food Hub, F.A.R.M Cafe, Hunger and Health Coalition and free food boxes outside the gardens.
17421	Portland'5 Centers for the Arts' holiday mashup that reimagines the holiday ballet with a dozen all-star dancers, a DJ, a violinist, and MC Kurtis Blow, will be recorded live at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center.
17422	Portland police charged Roylos with aggravated assault and Interference with Constitutional and Civil Rights.
17423	Positive and negative tests results come directly from health departments and can take upwards of five days for results.
17424	Possible return of football fans to matches and gyms could be allowed to re-open.
17425	Possibly, the pair may fall to reach 107.20 and then form one more ascending structure with the target at 108.43.
17426	Posting the meeting on Facebook took a local story international and changed both of their lives.
17427	Post my Covid19 recovery, even I have been experiencing an intense hair fall than usual, so apart from my daily dose of good ol' vitamins, I have also restarted my one ingredient diy hair fall therapy…Onion juice!
17428	Potatoes were boiled, leeks sauteed, and stock splashed over them; my crucial error was thinking that I could use in the absence of a blender.
17429	Pour about ¼ cup of batter onto the center of the pan with one hand while lifting and swirling the pan with the other to make about an 8½-inch circle.
17430	Poverty has direct implications for the economic and social systems of health care.
17431	Powell said he is in favor of renaming the 10 Army posts that bear the names of Confederate leaders, which includes Fort Bragg in North Carolina and Fort Benning in Georgia.
17432	Power airs Sundays at 10/9c on Starz.
17433	Practice “social dis-dancing” and make a dance floor out of your living room with this virtual party.
17434	Pragmatism was necessary.
17435	Prairie Heights Community Church in West Fargo already had experience with online worship before the coronavirus pandemic forced churches to be closed to the public, and lead teaching pastor Mike Hull was ready to go fully digital.
17436	Pranab Mukherjee use to perform the puja with his own hands.
17437	Preaching to them about how much worse it can get under Trump isn’t cutting it anymore.
17438	"Precedence has been set before (sic), where the media goes on a sensationalist extravaganza, with half-baked information obtained from shadowy sources, ending up creating more problems than solutions," the Orange party said.
17439	Predicted trends include a greater focus on local support, an end to complex supply chains and imaginative new strategies to help displaced workers learn new skills, including through increased remote learning.
17440	Predominantly older people or those with health issues already.
17441	“Preliminary reports indicate that the problems with the results sheets are impacting on the tallying process in some areas,” the EU said.
17442	Premarital testing decreases congenital anomalies and can prevent common inherited blood disorders such as thalassemia and sickle cell anemia, the MoHAP said.
17443	Premier Daniel Andrews has urged his residents to be “patient.”
17444	Premiering Monday, Sept. 7 at 8/7c, highlights and helps raise awareness of the dangerous challenges leopards currently face.
17445	Premier League clubs lining up a late swoop for Andre Ayew.
17446	Premier Stephen McNeil announced today, Jan.
17447	Pre-order cheese, cured meats, fruit and wine.
17448	“Preparations have been taking place and good progress has been made.
17449	Pre-planning under Section 247 will continue online and by telephone but face-to-face meetings will not be facilitated until advised by the HSE and the department.
17450	Prescott was carted off the field Sunday with a compound fracture in his ankle.
17451	Presented by Beach Cities Health District.
17452	Presently a total of 8,950 infected patients are being treated at hospitals.
17453	Preservation and Review Board – January 27, 2021 at 6:30 PM.
17454	Presidency reacts to report of Aisha Buhari, daughter.
17455	President Akufo-Addo says the biggest issue for Ghana and the African continent is finding work for young people.
17456	President Brian Rosenberg at his residence across from Macalester.
17457	President Buhari has directed the cessation of all movements in Lagos and Abuja for an initial period of 14 days with effect from 11pm on Monday, March 30.
17458	President Buhari noted with deep sympathy the loss of lives of security men on the convoy ahead of the return of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), even as he commiserated with their families and loved ones.
17459	President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk to board Marine One at the White House, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2020, in Washington, for the short trip to Andrews Air Force Base en route to Cleveland for first debate against Democrat Joe Biden.
17460	President Donald Trump confirmed Thursday that the U.S. had killed the leader of al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula -- days after the jihadist group claimed responsibility for a mass shooting at a U.S. naval base.
17461	President Donald Trump formed the 1776 Commission because, he said, schools are teaching children to hate the United States.
17462	President Donald Trump had signed an executive order earlier this month making money available from a Federal Emergency Management Agency fund.
17463	President Donald Trump has commuted Roger Stone’s prison sentence in a stunning exercise of presidential power that is not altogether unexpected.
17464	President Donald Trump is facing two articles of impeachment - abuse of power and obstruction of Congress – relating to his political involvement in Ukraine.
17465	President Donald Trump (L), Democratic presidential candidate former Vice President Joe Biden, and moderator, NBC News anchor, Kristen Welker (C) participate in the final presidential debate at Belmont University in Nashville, Tenn., on Oct. 22, 2020.
17466	President Donald Trump listens to a question during press briefing with the coronavirus task force, at the White House, Wednesday, March 18, 2020, in Washington.
17467	President Donald Trump on Tuesday urged Kim to follow through on what he described as a promise to denuclearize the North.
17468	President Donald Trump's national security adviser, Robert O'Brien, returned to work at the White House on Tuesday following his recovery from a mild case of Covid-19, a National Security Council spokesman said.
17469	President Donald Trump's ongoing opposition to any transition of power to President-elect Joe Biden will have an impact on the federal government's response to the ongoing public health crisis, Dr. Anthony Fauci said Sunday morning in an interview on CNN.
17470	President Donald Trump speaks during a coronavirus task force briefing at the White House, Sunday, April 19, 2020, in Washington.
17471	President Donald Trump speaks during an event celebrating American truckers, at the White House, Thursday, April 16, 2020, in Washington.
17472	President Donald Trump tested negative after being exposed to at least three individuals later diagnosed with the novel coronavirus.
17473	President-elect Biden is to “dramatically increase” funding for refugee and asylee assistance.
17474	President Emmanuel Macron appears to be no exception in a hybrid political culture of uncanny coincidence to blame Islam for the criminal acts of one individual.
17475	President Emmerson Mnangagwa told former Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe he feared hanging by his predecessor if he heeded the latter's call to return home and be reinstanted as Vice President, days after his sacking as Vice President 2017.
17476	President Jair Bolsonaro appointed Roberto Castello Branco, a pro-market reformer, as Petrobras’ chief executive, who with Economy Minister Paulo Guedes has advocated in favor of selling the firm’s non-core assets.
17477	President Lenin Moreno tweeted on 20th January: “Ecuador is and will be a country of peace, I will not allow any antisocial to take it away from us.
17478	President Masisi said Mr Alogeng's passing was not only a loss to the family but to the country as a whole.
17479	President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed sadness over the passing of the Emir of Bama, Kyari Ibn El-Kanemi who died on Monday the 27th of April.
17480	President Ram Nath Kovind too extended his condolences to Mr. Singh’s family and followers.
17481	President Rodrigo Duterte on August 2 placed Metro Manila under a modified enhanced community quarantine (MECQ) again as novel coronavirus cases in the country exceed 100,000.
17482	Presidents have been elected on lower (sometimes negative!) margins.
17483	Presidents seemed smarter then.
17484	President’s White House speech capping 4 July celebrations says US coronavirus strategy is ‘moving along well’
17485	President Trump acquitted by Senate in final impeachment voteSen.
17486	“President Trump continues to do well,” Conley wrote.
17487	President Trump has sent other federal agents to Kansas City, Mo., Albuquerque, N.M., and Portland, Ore., where there have been mixed results in the City of Roses, as Portland was touted as a once-friendly tourist destination.
17488	President Trump in the US and President Bolsonaro in Brazil have an especially dismal record.
17489	President Trump on Saturday demanded to know who the congressional Republicans were that acknowledged President-elect Joe Biden as the winner of the presidential election.
17490	President Trump said in aTwitter video on Saturday evening that he is feeling "much better" but a source familiar with his health said Saturday that his vitals over the past 24 hours were "very concerning."
17491	President Trump said Thursday that he would withhold money from so-called sanctuary cities and other jurisdictions.
17492	President Trump speaking at the U.S.N.S. Comfort in Norfolk, Va., on Saturday.
17493	President Trump told reporters Tuesday that he doesn’t want the officials appearing before House Democrats.
17494	President Uhuru Kenyatta will have a reason to feel a sense of triumph if he manages to get one over Deputy President William Ruto in the battle for control of Jubilee Party.
17495	President Vladimir Putin said the vaccine was safe and that one of his own daughters had received the inoculation, dubbed "Sputnik" after the pioneering 1950s Soviet satellite.
17496	President Vladimir Putin’s insistence on holding the delayed Victory Day parade seeks to bolster patriotic sentiment a week before a constitutional referendum that could allow him to stay in office until 2036, reports Vladimir Isachenkov in Moscow.
17497	Preston Vance versus Darby Allin was a genuine match.
17498	Presumably that’s what this food truck road trip is poised to find out.
17499	Pretty much no different when they may not deal or make money which they actually have done but they also share with other addicts.
17500	“Pretty sure it was a Thursday, I just finished work, loaded up my bike and we were heading out to go riding with a group of friends,” Kenny said.
17501	Pretty sure my old high school bike rack had room for more than 92 bikes.
17502	Pretty sure this federal agent has an SS symbol on his arm pic.
17503	Preusker only has to look at last year's Feehan Stakes result to know a stayer can win the race first-up.
17504	Previous Diesel smartwatches from small amounts of RAM, especially when using the flashy, highly animated watch faces.
17505	Previous, he had, at every turn, told his mega rallies, despite strict warning against such, as COVID-19 protocol, that a crucial plank of voting in COVID-19 season, was a grand fraud.
17506	Previously 18 polling stations had been located at two polling places, the Mon Repos Primary and Nursery Schools, but following an official objection from the People’s Progressive Party/Civic (PPP/C) this was reviewed.
17507	Previously at Salesforce, Johnson’s experience spans more than 30 years in sales, operations and marketing roles at Oracle, Intralinks and IBM, among others.
17508	Previously HGO had thought it would resume in-person performances by Spring 2021.
17509	Previously incubated in both JDK 14 and JDK 15, the foreign-memory access API would be re-incubated in JDK 16, adding refinements.
17510	Previous stimulus payments in 2001 and 2008 have been delivered by both direct deposit and checks in the mail, but mobile payment services like Venmo want to play a role this time.
17511	Previous vehicle fees and taxes, including those for city road work and Sound Transit, remain in effect.
17512	Price increases also affected clothing, footwear and restaurants and hotels, while there was downward pressure from heavy discounting in furniture, household equipment, food and non-alcoholic drinks.
17513	Prices can range from several hundred dollars to over $1,000, but you are unlikely to need one unless you print a serious amount of documents every day.
17514	Prices overall seem to be holding firm, despite the predictions earlier this year of a potentially disastrous year for property values.
17515	Price, who studied at Chelsea College of Art and the Royal College of Art, and who has had major shows at the National Portrait Gallery and the Yorkshire Park, says the title of the work has a double meaning.
17516	Pricing an full details are to be posted during summer.
17517	PRIDE: No, they didn't see - let me explain that, too.
17518	PriestmanGoode submitted a meal tray called Zero, aiming to reduce the amount of weight and plastic waste created through meal service on flights.
17519	Primary Health care is very important to us.
17520	Primary voters could have chosen another moderate.
17521	Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu explains Israel’s new overflight options in the wake of its normalization accord with Sudan, October 24, 2020.
17522	Prime Minister Boris Johnson has promised to reveal a "comprehensive plan" next Sunday for how the country will get moving again.
17523	Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he was "deeply saddened" at the attack, adding: "It's so awful that this should happen, especially in a place of worship."
17524	Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte, who will attend the inauguration of the new Genova-San Giorgio viaduct said it would be a “symbol of a new Italy rising up again.”
17525	Prime Minister Imran Khan in July of last year, during his maiden visit to the USA, had received a verbal assurance from President Donald Trump that the US-Pak trade would increase noticeably.
17526	Prime Minister Imran Khan witnessed the signing ceremony of the financing agreements.
17527	Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has called on the opposition to support New Zealand's response to Covid-19's resurgence after National deputy leader Gerry Brownlee labelled the timing of recent announcements as "interesting".
17528	Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed a virtual meeting of the United Nations Economic and Social Council.
17529	Prime Minister Shinzo Abe embarked on a five-day trip to the Middle East on Saturday as part of Tokyo’s efforts to help reduce tensions in a critical region for resource-poor Japan.
17530	Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has, so far, managed to keep the outbreak of new coronavirus COVID-19 from damaging his hard-won relationship with China, but that’s getting more difficult with each new case confirmed in Japan.
17531	Primo Lights Three-Wheel Scooter for ages 3+ adjusts to three different heights, with wheels that flash in red, green and blue.
17532	Prince Adelusi-Adeluyi’s has been more than just a life of daring.
17533	Prince Charles’s pledge to help support the couple as they forgo public funding has put a spotlight on his own sources of wealth, including a billion-pound real estate conglomerate.
17534	Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'feel forced out by BULLYING Prince William' friends reveal as they say Harry.
17535	Prince Harry cheekily (though it could just be the camera angle) ushers his wife onto their plane in New Zealand on October 28, 2018.
17536	Prince Harry is 'impulsive' and 'takes everything personally' while Prince William is 'level-headed'
17537	Prince Harry was instantly smitten with Meghan, and when he shared his feelings with his brother, Prince William, he didn’t get quite the reaction he’d hoped for.
17538	Princess Attendant from Rock Springs, Emma Curtis, is in the 11th grade at Rock Springs High School.
17539	Princess Josephine Loewenstein tells the TV show that Margaret, a close pal, told her: “I’ve only seen my sister cry once.
17540	Princeton kicker Grant Cochran (8) punts from his own end zone during the West Virginia high school football game between the Princeton Tigers and the Bluefield Beavers at Hunnicutt Stadium, Friday, September 25, 2020, in Princeton.
17541	Principal Jamie Perkins says families were overjoyed by the news.
17542	Principals say they need more than the two work days in September that the city has allotted for them to meet with teachers in order to make decisions about staffing.
17543	Priority number one for Miller remains keeping people safe in the face of a second wave of the pandemic.
17544	Prior to COVID-19, the ministry had projected that Jamaica would earn over USD $4.4 billion this year.
17545	Prior to her appointment to the high court, Ginsburg argued six gender equality cases before the court.
17546	Prior to its collapse, NewSat had commissioned Lockheed Martin to build its Jabiru-1 satellite, but the space and military manufacturer cancelled the build after NewSat could keep up with the payments.
17547	Prior to its release, the Cleveland rapper …
17548	Prior to joining CBC, she spent several years producing morning talk radio programs at CJBK in London, Ont.
17549	Prior to planning the attack, he allegedly consumed propaganda from multiple extremist groups, including O9A and ISIS.
17550	Prior to Sutton's execution, numerous prison officials and members of Estep's family appealed to Tennessee state governor Bill Lee to grant him clemency.
17551	Prior to that, Cant was dean of the Offutt School of Business at Concordia College in Minnesota.
17552	Prior to that he worked for FW Webb Co. in Springfield and United Plumbing Supply in sales.
17553	Prior to the Covid-19 outbreak, the World Bank projected that 45% of people in Lebanon would be below the poverty line in 2020.
17554	Prior to the Nova Scotia incident, Canada’s worst mass shooting was the 1989 Montréal École Polytechnique massacre that left 14 women dead.
17555	Prior to the recent events, the couple have allegedly been discussing divorce for several months.
17556	Prior to this, open speed limits were in place.
17557	Prior to this, when people mocked her empty refrigerator, the KKW Beauty owner decided to hit back by giving them a full tour to her pantry and kitchen.
17558	Prior to traveling, Birx had told Americans that celebrations should only include “your immediate household.”
17559	Prisoners are also eligible for early parole after serving the full term of their primary offense – if they were not convicted of a violent offense.
17560	Prisoners from every trade and profession helped in work such as transforming old uniforms into civilian suits while graphic artists created fake ID, passports and railway tickets.
17561	Prison stock at Borallon Correctional Centre, in Brisbane, Tuesday July 3, 2018.
17562	Priti Patel delivered a searing retort in the Commons on Monday to MPs suggesting she did not 'understand racial inequality'.
17563	Pritzker urged those who left home last week to get a COVID-19 later this week, unless symptoms appear, at which point a test should be a priority.
17564	Privacy organisation the Open Rights Group they are taking the UK Information Commissioner’s Office to court over the regulator’s failure to stop unlawful practices by the Digital Advertising Technology (AdTech) industry.
17565	Private education providers saw this as an opportunity to capitalize on the government’s failure at the expense of providing quality education.
17566	Private jets - the only flights that had been flying in dozens of stranded Indians to the UAE - have been barred by India's Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA).
17567	Priyanka Chopra Plays ‘Dress Up’ With Her Niece As She Organises.
17568	Probably her most controversial work is of Trump walking with the Ku Klux Klan, while standing before a burning cross.
17569	“Probably no one method but all three,” Preisler said.
17570	Probably saved her life."
17571	Probably the most controversial comic of its time, the storyline ended up becoming a huge hit.
17572	Probably the most underestimated ability of Superman is his sheer adaptability.
17573	Probation and Parole Officers and the Parole Board to expedite and expand release opportunities for incarcerated people, reducing the population in prisons as recommended by health experts.
17574	Pro bono services include assistance with accessing and navigating portions of the CARES Act, developing unique strategies to improve and extend cash flow, tax planning, avoiding scams and more.
17575	Procedures by Kuwait’s authorities include enhancing effective monitoring at all country outlets, hospitals, health centers and screening upon entry of all travelers coming from infected countries.
17576	Produced by Sohail Khan, Radhe will mark the third collaboration between Salman and Prabhudheva.
17577	Producer and host Henry Greener: 'The thing about this victory is that it will sustain community TV for another 12 months at least'.
17578	Producer Shiladitya Bora says, “For the next three weeks, I plan to finish reading and studying as many pending scripts as possible to prepare as best as we can for future endeavors.”
17579	Producers intentionally cast women with big personalities who go in for big events.
17580	Production for the movie is scheduled to begin in February this year, and will be shooting primarily in Chicago under the working title 'Project Ice Cream'.
17581	Production of the hardware had been hit by an "inevitable" delay, it said as it apologised to customers.
17582	Productivity is increased because related items can be grouped together into a single folder.
17583	Professor Adrian Martineau, the study’s lead researcher, said there is “mounting evidence that vitamin D might reduce the risk of respiratory infections”.
17584	Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore is one of the most beloved characters in the fictional world.
17585	Professor Carl Heneghan and Dr Jason Oke, Oxford University researchers who published Dr Loke's work on their website, said that officials also seem to be spreading out historical deaths and just adding them on to ones that are happening now.
17586	Professor Neil Ferguson's secret trysts with his married mistress should not be used to discredit his scientific evidence behind the decision to enforce lockdown, experts have said.
17587	Prof Kolo said that the new curriculum would also help to build the scholars on the new world order and help to measure them effectively to function as impactful citizens.
17588	Prof Ncube also said the laboratory needed a facelift.
17589	Prof. Nyarko-Sampson further called for extensive education on COVID-19 by the various stakeholders in the country in order to create public awareness on the pandemic.
17590	Pro Football Focus also graded out JRM as the 12th best special teams player in the league last year.
17591	Prof Sutton said the restrictions are neccessary, but will only work if Melburnians comply.
17592	Prof Yamada estimates that a quarter of all Japanese people under 40 won't ever get married, and they turn to alternative "virtual love" to fill the gap.
17593	Programming included a plenary panel discussion titled, “State of Emergency or State of Opportunity?
17594	Progress is now saved every time you reach a new floor, so you can always pick up where you left off.
17595	Progressives have suggested former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. should do the same this year.
17596	Project Destined leverages a work-based learning approach where students work with executives to evaluate live deals in their community and present them in a pitch competition to industry leaders.
17597	Projections v calling: On election night, ballot counts will be used to predict - or project - the likely winner of each state and the nationwide vote.
17598	Projects submitted to the BIRD Foundation are reviewed by evaluators appointed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) of the US Department of Commerce, and the Israel Innovation Authority.
17599	Prolonged social isolation may be as dangerous as the virus for some Americans.
17600	Prominent Australians have called on Attorney-General Christian Porter to increase penalties for online racism following recent attacks on Indigenous footballers, saying the eradication of race-based vilification is essential for reconciliation.
17601	“Promise you won’t forget me ever?”
17602	Promising movements for restorative and transformative justice have taken hold in numerous cities.
17603	Promoter giant Live Nation has been aggressively getting into the rock doc world in recent years with Chris Moukarbel’s Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis.
17604	Promotes starvation and can bring about numerous conflict situations.
17605	Promotional material and ads that have already been shot maybe have to be discarded and remade at great costs — potentially with different athletes.
17606	Proof Cable TV Is Dying: Comcast Lost 732,000 Customers Last Year.
17607	Proof that staycations needn't be boring.
17608	Prop 24 would broaden what data can be and how it could be used, particularly sensitive details such as race, sexual orientation and location.
17609	Proper customs will grand him his needs, a devotee believes.
17610	Prophet Muhammed senior wife was once a Catholic.
17611	Proponents of reversing the ban say data over the last two decades has shown that it’s hurt Black, Latino and Indigenous students in particular; those groups have long been far underrepresented at the state’s most prestigious universities.
17612	Proponents of separation are encouraged – they would have won if not for strong opposition in only six of the 89 towns that provided referendum returns, and the low voter turnout suggests they might do better if more voters participate.
17613	Proposals include digitising Italy’s onerous public administration, modernising infrastructure and restructuring the national university system.
17614	Props for creativity.
17615	Props Token (PROPS) traded up 7.1% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0372 or 0.00000193 BTC.
17616	Prosecutor Lou Lungo told a NSW Supreme Court jury this week that the silver Mercedes getaway car was set on fire shortly afterwards, with the alleged perpetrators switching to a Toyota Aurion.
17617	Prosecutors are seeking clarification of the ruling but definitely plan to appeal the case, Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson said.
17618	Prosecutors said the company had bribed public officials and hidden payments as part of a pattern of worldwide corruption.
17619	Protective Meghan Markle felt under attack over decision to.
17620	Protesters also took to the streets of Berlin to demand that the government do more to support them, while anti-lockdown activists also took to the streets of Spain and Italy overnight, sparking clashes with police.
17621	Protesters calling for the end of Gov. Gavin Newsom's stay-at-home orders march around the state Capitol in Sacramento, California, on May 1, 2020.
17622	Protesters marching from Brooklyn were met with reinforcements when their Manhattan counterparts broke through police barricades set up on the Manhattan side of the iconic Brooklyn Bridge.
17623	Protesters say they have heard such promises before and demand deeper changes, including the prosecution of police accused of wrongdoing.
17624	“Proud to vote country over party.
17625	Provided, that in all public transports, a strict one meter distance between passengers shall be observed and appropriate engineering controls in place.
17626	Providing grants for talented people and small companies to participate in The Marketplace.
17627	Providing misleading projections which induced Black franchisees to purchase undesirable franchises.
17628	Providing security to those who insult Mumbai is unfortunate: Shiv Sena https://t.
17629	Provincial Health and Wellness department officials say there are no new cases of COVID-19 in Nova Scotia.
17630	Provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry has been the point person, and often calm voice, for daily information about the spread of COVID-19.
17631	Provincial labs processed around 20,000 test specimens in the past 24 hours, about 2,000 more than they did on Sunday.
17632	Provost’s 12-year-old daughter was also in the vehicle and sustained minor injuries.
17633	Proxy Formmeans a proxy form accompanying the Notice.
17634	Prue knows what it’s like to be in mental distress and have no one to turn to.
17635	Prunes have been found to have an effect on enhancing bone formation and reducing bone density loss,' says Dr Leon Creaney, a consultant in sport and exercise medicine at the Manchester Institute of Health & Performance.
17636	Pry open your minds and hearts and do try and consider those less fortunate!
17637	PSS is set to welcome students back to campuses on Oct. 5 but each classroom will only have 10 or fewer students.
17638	Psychic Oz directs you to the best psychic readers on their site by highlighting customer favorites and staff picks among their psychics.
17639	Ps- Yes yes yes I love this silhouette!
17640	PS – you look like a combination of Bob Saget & John Stamos.
17641	Public comments and documents may be submitted via email to Public comments will be read aloud during the meeting and added to the record.
17642	Public education about the emerging science of the disease provides clarity about our vulnerability to, and the severity of, COVID-19, which serves as the requisite foundation of any recommended protection measure.
17643	Public goods that are non-exclusionary, but rivalrous, lead to the tragedy of the commons.
17644	Public Health England data, published last year, showed 540,000 people in England have been taking opioids, gabapentinoids or benzodiazepines for three years or more, risking overdose and dependence.
17645	Public Health England has still not revealed where the other cases are.
17646	Public Health England said: 'The Health & Safety Executive agreed to a limited testing process.
17647	Public health officials are still contact tracing, but Russell said she's concerned there has already been "significant contact" with the three active cases and more cases will emerge in the days ahead.
17648	“Public health officials recommend that most people get a flu shot every year.
17649	Public health officials recommend waiting a few days before getting tested after a possible exposure so that the test has a better chance of picking up signs of infection.
17650	Public health officials, Rosner said, "really thought, well, okay, smallpox is a crazy idea, but we'll be able to buck up our systems" with funding for these kinds of programs.
17651	Public health officials yesterday recommended moving to Level 5 for six weeks.
17652	Public Health Ontario’s official position on PPE use is to dispose of each piece of equipment after providing care for a patient.
17653	Public Health reported two new cases of on Saturday, both in Zone 5 (Campbellton region).
17654	Public protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane in a gown by B Mashilo Designs.
17655	Public Support for U.S. Military Operations, Santa Monica, CA: RAND, 1996, ”public support over the course of an operation continues to be affected by changes in the perceived benefits, prospects, casualties, and support from leaders.
17656	Published at 12:46pm 11th January 2020.
17657	Published at 12:51pm 25th July 2020.
17658	Published at 3:05pm 26th April 2020.
17659	Published at 4:17pm 16th January 2020.
17660	Published at 4:34pm 24th April 2020.
17661	Published at 8:30am 8th July 2020.
17662	Published at 9:58am 17th July 2020.
17663	Puducherry Collector Arun stated that a memo has been issued to the concerned department.
17664	Puerto Rico temporarily suspended its primary Sunday after a shortage of ballots prevented citizens from casting their votes, the Associated Press reported.
17665	Pulling off the Vienna Opera Ball is no mean feat and organisers need to ensure they are well stocked up on the essentials to keep guests happy and enjoying the night.
17666	Pulling over to speak to detectives, he saw paramedics performing CPR on the boy in the back of an ambulance.
17667	"Pulling up at the bus stop and seeing those big, huge smiles and them knowing that they are getting food and, hopefully, because they're getting to see me, too."
17668	Pull on the gloves and try your hand at boxing training for some of the toughest, but most rewarding workouts you’ll ever do.
17669	Pundi X has a total market cap of $29.64 million and $677,957.00 worth of Pundi X was traded on exchanges in the last day.
17670	Puneâ€™s case fatality is 2.4 per cent, which is half of Mumbai’s 5.09 per cent.
17671	Punts that go in the endzone or out of bounds can put the opposing team to the 35-yard line.
17672	‘Pupil L tried to bump him in the chest.
17673	Puppy then chopped the victim to his left wrist and left side of his face with a cutlass.
17674	Puri Press Club chairman Rajkumar Mohanty also opposed the decision and urged the postal authorities to reconsider it.
17675	Purple wheat flour only has a slight hint of purple, but the colour in food can be dramatic depending on how it's prepared.
17676	Pursuant to London Stock Exchange listing rule 10.4.1R (notification of class 2 transactions), in 2019, generated sales of $148m and profit before tax of $89m in the countries covered by the agreement.
17677	PURVIS — Friends and fellow church members of a woman fighting for her life are hosting two events Saturday to raise money for medical treatment.
17678	“Put a copy of the packing list in the bag after you've finished packing,” suggests Wernsdorfer.
17679	Put another way, Hillary Clinton gained these voters at higher rates than even Barack Obama but it still didn’t carve her a path to the White House.
17680	"Putin is increasingly prioritizing investment in the Arctic as a source of potential future economic growth for Russia."
17681	Putin is in his fourth term as president and served as prime minister between 2008 and 2012.
17682	Putin said Russia was not ready to “subsidize” energy supplies without more economic integration with ally Belarus.
17683	Putting something over it that says, ‘This is possibly misinformation,’ or taking the post down, it’s not really going to help.
17684	PVR posted consolidated loss at Rs183.9cr in Q2FY21.
17685	“Q3 2020 Real GDP contracted for second consecutive quarter by -3.62%,” Yemi Kale said on Twitter.
17686	Q&A: Eva Green on playing an astronaut in ‘Proxima’
17687	“QAnon doesn’t openly fly the colors of fascism, it sells it as secret code,” said Stephan Kramer, head of domestic intelligence in the eastern state of Thuringia.
17688	QANON: It’s a right-wing, pro-Trump conspiracy theory born in a dark corner of the internet that has crept into mainstream politics.
17689	Qatar Airways, one of the world’s heavyweights in freight, doesn’t see cargo rates coming down for at least 12 months.
17690	QC head Pee Thomas took to his Instagram story to offer his side as to what went awry in the event.
17691	Q. Does it frustrate you, as a federation, that the team has a good result against a team like Qatar and then isnâ€™t able to beat Bangladesh and Afghanistan?
17692	Q: How do you feel about the board having to have a unified front and voting together?
17693	Q: The last time you were in Chicago …
17694	Qualcomm Inc., which already provides the cellular modem chips that allow vehicles to connect to the internet, introduced a more comprehensive computing system that can manage in-vehicle entertainment and help the car drive itself.
17695	Quality-wise, if Kang and company heed the idea of doing something new, and innovating the franchise while balancing that with not chucking out what works already, there's no reason to believe the spinoff can't succeed.
17696	Quarantined families have been especially busy remodeling during the pandemic.
17697	Quarterback Brett Rypien’s play was typical of a first start — up and down.
17698	Quebec health ministry says Fluzone High-Dose will be available only to residents of CHSLDs and frail seniors in private facility houses.
17699	QUEBEC — The Quebec government will comply with a court ruling striking down parts of its medical aid in dying legislation, the province’s health and justice ministers announced Tuesday.
17700	Queen is saddened as nephew David Linley - Princess Margaret's son with Lord Snowdon - divorces 'amicably' from his wife of 26 years 'after spending too much time working away from home'
17701	QUEENSBURY - The shortage of widespread testing in the Capital Region has left many people frustrated.
17702	Quest can handle tests per day, and a spokesperson from LabCorp told Quartz that their facilities can handle 180,000 tests per day.
17703	Question, where did this scourge came from?
17704	Quids are commonly found where Native Americans have chewed vegetation to extract nutrition.
17705	Quinn Fuller Forrester (Rena Sofer) was onto Sheila and eventually came to battle her.
17706	Quinn got Shauna into this mess, but she might wash her hands of it in the end.
17707	Quinn is obviously the ringleader, but there’s no way she’s going to take responsibility once things go wrong.
17708	"Quite glad I don't remember, it's quite lucky probably," he said.
17709	Quite often, wranglings behind the scenes have been straightened out so that those watching the finished product might never have known what went on in the shadows.
17710	Q. Who is the last person you called?
17711	Q. You were reading Japanese philosophy and about minimalism over the lockdown summer.
17712	Rabbi David Chaim Chelouche (1920-2016), the late chief rabbi of Netanya, connects “” (stomach) as a basket has an open cavity, like a stomach, into which people can put things.
17713	“Rabbi”, he is called …. he is quoted as being called this many times.
17714	Race profiteers will insist that African Americans have no legitimate claim to Harris, whose mother was born in India and whose father came from Jamaica.
17715	Rachel Maddow or Anderson Cooper first used the term against them!
17716	Rachwal was named Seton Hall volleyball’s Teammate of the Year in 2019 (Photo via SHU Athletics).
17717	Racing will resume Saturday without spectators, an interesting challenge for a storied track accustomed to fans cheering the thoroughbreds beneath the Twin Spires.
17718	Radhika Madan plays daughter to Irrfan Khan in Angrezi Medium, which is scheduled to be released on March 13.
17719	Radiant Plumbing and Air Conditioning is an award-winning plumbing and HVAC specialist, offering premier home service to the greater area.
17720	Radio was also kind of boutique at first.
17721	RAF bomb squad officers were brought in to carry out controlled explosions on the moorland above their isolated homes.
17722	“Raghu is dramatic and animated as he goes through the excitement and thrill of first love with his high school crush Leena, in the picturesque town of Udaipur.
17723	Raghupati Raghav Raja RamSare Jahan Se Achchha and the policemen said it could create a law-and-order problem.
17724	Rahman said that while the health sector has greatly improved in Bangladesh in the last two decades, pneumonia remains a major concern.
17725	Rahul survived a mix-up as New Zealand failed to hit the stumps twice, and then Ish Sodhi dropped a sitter off Kohli.
17726	Raiders enjoy chance to swim at …
17727	Rain chance early this morning…then again late tonight pic.
17728	Rainger said there were 92 people transferred to Jet Park quarantine facility.
17729	Raised in a traditional Korean household, Yi had the best of both worlds—learning authentic Korean cooking from her 엄마 (mother) and 할머니 (grandmother) and balancing that with a passion for diverse cuisines.
17730	Raised in the Land of Enchantment, Jessica left New Mexico to teach English in Japan for two years.
17731	Rajasthan are coming from a big.
17732	Rajasthan would have loved for him to peak sooner in the tournament.
17733	Rajeev Venkayya, president of Takeda’s vaccine business, says the industry is facing a new challenge.
17734	Rakesh Bhargav, an engineer, has moved to the balcony with his laptop, so daughter Asmita can have her online school lessons in the living room.
17735	Rakon (RKN) traded 0.1% higher against the dollar and now trades at $0.0954 or 0.00001026 BTC.
17736	RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Samuel Girard scored the tiebreaking goal with 2:37 left in the third period and Colorado won its fifth straight.
17737	Raleigh officials don't plan to make a decision about opening its pools until at least June 26. Chapel Hill officials have also said that its pools won't open during this second phase of the state's reopening plan.
17738	Rally goers heading to Nubian Square for a 6 p.m. rally say they “can’t let Trump steal” the election.
17739	Ralph Seenarine is at left with David Hicks, right.
17740	Ramey’s attorney is also questioning whether the investigation amounts to an invasion of privacy.
17741	Ramey, the city manager of Norton, Virginia, said one of his primary concerns during this pandemic has been ensuring small businesses along the town’s brick-lined downtown survive.
17742	Ram has an impressive starting lineup, but the bench isn't as deep.
17743	Rampant abuse in Lebanese in households leads to an average of two maids dying weekly in Lebanon, according to Lebanese intelligence.
17744	Ramulifho said the temporary certificate that the school has was only issued for certain parts of the facility that includes classrooms and the administration block and excluded the dormitories, kitchen and dining section of the facility.
17745	Randall lives alone in a small flat and has received food parcels for the past two weeks.
17746	Rangers also suffered a potentially significant injury blow with midfielder Ryan Jack substituted at half-time because of a calf issue which will be assessed on Monday.
17747	Rangers’ manager Aaron Lozano admitted after the games, his team came out flat.
17748	Rangers were not streets ahead of the Dons by any measure.
17749	Ranked-choice voting may come into play in seven of the Democratic Senate or House primaries, each of which features three candidates.
17750	Rapidly typing can cause pain and inflammation in our joints.
17751	Rapper, Lil Frosh responds to domestic violence allegations.
17752	Rap star Ezel is the only one person that they all like.
17753	Rare earths miner Lynas has threatened defamation action against opponents aiming to prevent it from operating in Malaysia following attacks in the local media.
17754	Rasmussen: Election is Trumpâ€™s to lose, and he's doing that, 40% to Biden's 50% https://t.
17755	"Rates are good, and that results in a lot more buying power," said Maranda DeSanto, CEO of Lake Superior Area Realtors Inc. She noted that a 1% drop in interest can translate into $167-per-month savings on a $200,000 mortgage.
17756	Rate what you’ve seen and get recommendations with Watchworthy.
17757	Rathdowne Street in Carlton is central to a rich and diverse culture, with many nationalities living in nearby social housing.
17758	Rather, it needs be an election that favors solid thinking, caring, knowledge, transparency and a willingness to work for the people — all people.
17759	Rather, NuScale has emphasized that SMRs are competing against natural gas as a baseload power that will keep the grid reliable during times when the sun isn’t shining, or the wind isn’t blowing.
17760	Rather than a crackdown, university officials sent students a letter explaining that gathering without masks jeopardized the university’s ability to complete the semester in November.
17761	Rather than eliminating brick-and-mortar, Amazon has set the bar for digital transformation in retail by demonstrating the benefit of an omnichannel strategy that integrates digital and physical retail.
17762	Rather than establishing character arcs for the movies, it's actually an exercise in world-building, helping prepare viewers for a new sword-and-sorcery element that's about to become a major part of the MCU.
17763	Rather than fighting evil aliens or saving the Earth, seems to be a more intimate exploration of Wanda and her powers, as well as her relationship with Vision.
17764	Rather than fix them, which would cost money, they just evicted everybody.
17765	Rather than the single generically blank style that’s now noticeable everywhere, minimalism is fundamentally about a diversity of visions.
17766	Rather, they get only what the government wants them to have.
17767	Raths was three seconds better than Isabel Wirth of Benson/KMS to round out the top five.
17768	Rauf Olaniyan, Oyo State Deputy Governor, on Saturday said the state government’s decision to finance developmental projects through borrowings was in order.
17769	Rausch initially cooperated with the officers, before threatening them with a gun and managing to disarm them of their “service weapons” before disappearing into the forest.
17770	Rausenberg says the technical adaptations this year have expanded the audience and extended the festival's reach.
17771	Raven Industries announced that it has entered into agreements to acquire the remaining equity of DOT Technology Corp. The two companies entered into an agreement in Oct. 2019 with Raven acquiring a majority ownership in the robot maker.
17772	Rav Yaakov Teitelbaum had moved from Eastern Europe to Vienna.
17773	Ray Dalio is the exception because he accepts the Chinese money and helped to build the Chinese financial sector in the past - he is pretty much a Chinese shill.
17774	Raymond James & Associates lifted its holdings in shares of Generac by 21.5% in the 2nd quarter.
17775	Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of First Trust BICK Index Fund by 199.8% in the first quarter.
17776	Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 11,522 shares of the company’s stock valued at $287,000 after purchasing an additional 684 shares in the last quarter.
17777	R&B star Lizzo won three of her eight nominations, while gay black country rapper Lil Nas X took two for his viral РђюOld Town RoadРђЮ collaboration with Billy Ray Cyrus.
17778	RCCG’s Head of Media and Public Relations, Pastor Olaitan Olubiyi said that Adeboye’s opinion on the issue is not always different from whatever the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, and the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, PFN endorsed.
17779	“RCMP also wish to commend the children for their courage to do the right thing and the complainant for reporting the circumstances to police.”
17780	RCMP believe the injured woman had been walking on the side of the street when she was hit from behind.
17781	RDEK Information Officer Loree Duczek says a tree fell into the river Friday afternoon, blocking the main channel near the 14th fairway on Riverside Golf course between the highway bridge and railway bridge.
17782	Reached for comment, the Speaker of Parliament, Jacob Mudenda said they had not abdicated their role, but were just on recess until the end of May.
17783	Reaching out to friends and family has special importance during times of crisis.
17784	Reach out to friends you’ve kept these four years and remember the ones we’ve lost.
17785	Reacting, Ruvu Shooting Information Officer, Masau Bwire suggested that it would be better to see the top flight league unfolding using the usual home and away system.
17786	Reacting to the development in a statement via twitter on Thursday, Okonjo-Iweala said she was happy with progress made so far, while expressing confidence that she would emerge in the end.
17787	Reacting to the tweet made by the web user, Bobrisky, who is currently enjoying her stay in Dubai, stated that she’s never stepping foot back in Nigeria.
17788	Reaction to the announcement varied from ship to ship.
17789	Reade previously said her mother, who died in 2016, made the call but could not remember the date.
17790	Readers who follow the news more casually will also find the epic family tales a compelling way to understand the myriad deals and ambitions that define the Kushners and Trumps.
17791	Reader was accused of laying in wait and killing Ms Price because he did not want to part with his money following a bitter legal row over their finances.
17792	Reade, who said that she was wearing crotchless underwear during the incident, said that she was reluctant to reveal that part of the encounter because she didn't want her mother to know.
17793	Readings are a big part of promoting one’s published work and of being a good literary citizen, so this is invaluable experience for our second year MFA students who, come this summer, will be making their way in the literature world.”
17794	Read Part Two, on Monday.
17795	Read TheWrap’s Q&A with Heckerling below.
17796	Ready for Some Good Viral Laughs?
17797	Real estate companies and utilities also fell, though they held up better than the rest of the market as investors favored safe-play stocks.
17798	Real estate is not only an attractive asset class today but it also promises healthier returns when compared to other investment options; Good rental yields and capital appreciations have predisposed NRIs towards residential real estate investments.
17799	Realising the low-carbon circular economy transition is not only about investment.
17800	Realize that these are brain diseases.
17801	“…really looking forward to play with different guys and how different guys operate and working with them to hopefully have really good three days.”
17802	Real Madrid will be even more relieved with the win, after travelling to Milan without their captain Sergio Ramos and striker Karim Benzema.
17803	Realme today launched India's first 5G smartphone that comes with 64MP quad-rear camera setup, dual-punch hole 90Hz screen, and 4200mAh battery with 65W fast charging.
17804	Real Steel’s shooter Amazon Gladwin was in top shooting form to lead her side to the big win while Gumnuts were well served by their Centre Laura Barnes.
17805	Reason: Provides excitement and competition late in the game.
17806	Reasons for getting rid of their new pooches include children being allergic and moving house.
17807	'Rebel' Princess Margaret's affair with toyboy landscape gardener Roddy Llewellyn opened the floodgates for.
17808	Re-birth is inevitable as we welcome the Ultra-modern Ulinzi Sports Complex that will stand tall among world class sports facilities," said Mwangi.
17809	Rebraca became the first player in UND's Division I history to record a double-double in four straight games, helping lead UND to a 3-1 mark.
17810	Recall that the amendment has drawn criticism from stakeholders in the industry, particularly for raising the fine for hate speech from N500,000 to N5m.
17811	Receive News & Ratings for Dell Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dell and related companies with MarketBeat.
17812	Receive News & Ratings for DWF Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DWF Group and related companies with MarketBeat.
17813	Receive News & Updates for Daneel Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and updates for Daneel and related cryptocurrencies with MarketBeat.
17814	Receive News & Updates for Dynamic Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and updates for Dynamic and related cryptocurrencies with MarketBeat.
17815	Recently, Cliff has also included a second guest host to help keep the conversation flowing.
17816	Recently, he was third television umpire for the final of the Women’s T20 World Cup in Melbourne last March, and was also good enough to stand in the final of the women’s 50-overs World Cup three years ago in England.
17817	Recently lifestyle coach Luke Coutinho also shared a recipe of kachumber.
17818	Recently, one of the Drag City artists passed.
17819	Recently, she uploaded a picture, in which she wore a low-cut plaid mini dress which accentuated both her décolletage and lean legs.
17820	Recently, the president, retired Maj.-Gen.
17821	Recently, Venture Centre was also chosen to be the technology transfer hub for the Western Zone covering Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa.
17822	Recent numbers from streaming video companies show that the growth of cloud-based entertainment services is quite sustainable for the long term – making them some of the most valuable companies on earth.
17823	Recent partisan polls have found the contest within a couple of points.
17824	Recent statistics show us that the problem was not getting better prior to Covid, it was getting worse.
17825	Recent tensions between the United States and Iran have heightened Iraqi bishops’ fears for Iraq’s fragile Christian communities.
17826	Reconstruction cushions the troubled airline from litigation by creditors seeking to attach property.
17827	Records show Selenski, who is currently serving life sentences in the State Correctional Institute at Fayette, will appear before Pierantoni via video conference call.
17828	Recoveries should be done and hefty punishments meted out to deter would-be criminals.
17829	Recovery team personnel search for crash remains at Colony Glacier.
17830	Recreational marijuana shops are closed, medical marijuana shops are open.
17831	Recreation Center, Rochester — CLOSED until further notice.
17832	Recruited to rescue a kidnapped scientist, globe-trotting spy James Bond finds himself hot on the trail of a mysterious villain, who’s armed with dangerous new technology.
17833	Recruiting legislation passed last year changed recruiting timelines.
17834	Red bell peppers also contain a healthy dose of fibre, folate and iron.
17835	Reddit posted a series of rules that prohibit spam as well as malicious attempts to interfere with other communities.
17836	Redevelopment would work in Susanville and possibly generate $49 million to improve the city’s economy, according to a feasibility study presented to the city council.
17837	Red lines outline the human victims.
17838	Redondo Beach has approximately three times the number of residents as Hermosa Beach and twice the number of residents of Manhattan Beach.
17839	Red Rock Resort in Las Vegas.
17840	Reduced mowing alone on roadsides can increase pollinator habitats.
17841	Red Velvet was feisty, but Allie took over in the end.
17842	RedVentrue: edmo: Tracianne: Kerzaya is heard on the footage telling the Black employee, "I am responding to somebody with a firearm who matches your description."
17843	Red Wing Public Schools made changes to school start times within the last few years, pushing the high school’s first bell to shortly after 8 a.m.
17844	Redwood Pals Rescue was originally created to help dogs at the Humboldt County Animal Shelter.
17845	Reed answered questions from several local businesses represented at the presentation, providing thorough and detailed information to each individual.
17846	Reed said he has had private conversations with colleagues about what could be at stake if the party entertains too much doubt about the security and integrity of the elections.
17847	Rees said this helps open the game up for the rest of the Eagles.
17848	REFEREE Taylor runs over to speak to the fourth official — as well as managers Jose Mourinho and Frank Lampard — to explain the situation.
17849	Referring to his time in charge of the Irish side, Sinn Fein leader Mary Lou McDonald described him as "Ireland's most beloved English man".
17850	Referring to the arena where Bryant played for the Los Angeles Lakers, Interim Recording Academy CEO Harvey Mason Jr. said, “Since we are in his house, I would ask you to join me in a moment of silence.”
17851	Referring to the changes in modern-day goalkeeping, Subrata stated: “In the late 90s when I started goalkeeping, we were mere shot-stoppers.
17852	Referring to the farm bills, Prime Minister Modi said, “farmers now have the power to sell their produce anywhere and to anyone and they have the freedom to grow any crop and to sell it at a price best suited to them.”
17853	Referring to the Israeli-Lebanese conflicts on the border demarcation, Nasrallah said, “All we demanded was that negotiations shall be indirect, about the technical matter itself only.”
17854	Refer to the service area map for details.
17855	Refined canola oil has a smoke point of 400 F, but chemicals such as bleach or hexane are used to extract the oil.
17856	Reflecting back on their relationship together, love in action has helped transform trials for many of the anniversary couples.
17857	Reflecting investor sentiment, SPDR Gold Trust holdings, the world’s largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, rose 0.2% to 1,119.05 tonnes on Wednesday, a seven year high.
17858	Reform activists swerve around the Smollett case and lament that media attention has focused on the actor while their efforts for justice go unnoticed.
17859	Reformers want to see lawmakers raise the minimum age of criminal responsibility to 12, keeping younger children out of the system.
17860	Refugee Commission Gives Succour to IDPs in Kaduna,.
17861	Refusing to accept a death sentence from his doctor after being diagnosed with AIDS in the 1980s, the true story of an electrician and hustler (Matthew McConaughey) who smuggles banned medications from abroad.
17862	Regaining the advantages that we so causally cast aside will require a clear national strategy and focused attention across many areas of public policy.
17863	Regal Wealth Group Inc. lifted its stake in shares of Starbucks by 210.7% in the 4th quarter.
17864	Regarding Barrett's devout Catholic faith, which some of those opposed to Barrett have claimed disqualifies her from serving on the Supreme Court, Feldman said Barrett's critics could not be more wrong.
17865	Regarding Contrino, Bean said, “”He always kept the lights on.
17866	Regarding our clumsy US-driven attack on China, Scott Morrison says, "What we will never trade away is our values".
17867	Regarding specific allegations of Huawei’s “spying”, Huawei has been completely transparent and has handed over its source code to relevant Intelligence agencies for detailed analysis, year upon year.
17868	Regardless associated with tips about how plus limitations give good results, on-line on line casinos invariably tend to have many a type of reward prefix offer that allows competitors to claim a great deal more gains by keying in a little code.
17869	Regardless, Nelle will surely face her downfall one way or another.
17870	Regardless of the type of learner you are, you can do it to the finish line if you work passionately towards it.
17871	Regardless of what challenges we may face, remember that world history is full of tales of catastrophe and near extinction.
17872	Regardless of what’s in his heart.
17873	Regardless of which one you take the health benefits are real and important, but finding out what is best for you is the safest bet no matter who you are.
17874	Regardless of your circumstances, everyone has something to be grateful for.
17875	Regardless, the regulators at the event stated that tax collection was an age-old practice and that it was necessary to shore up government's coffers.
17876	Reggieknow is a reclusive artist who says he’s been in quarantine for the past decade, but if you are a living and breathing consumer, you’ve felt his impact.
17877	Regina managed to pick up a single point for its 2-1 overtime loss to the top team in the Eastern Conference.
17878	REGINA -- Saskatchewan reported 14 new COVID-19 cases on Friday, according to a release from the province.
17879	Regional Court magistrates deal with serious matters and as such interviews are stringent so that only the best candidates are considered for appointment.
17880	Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo (Surrounding Fort McMurray but does not include it, Anzac, Conklin, Fort Chipewyan, Fort McKay, Draper, Mariana Lake) gains 3 cases to 22 total, with 8 active cases.
17881	Registering prints was hit and miss in my testing.
17882	Registration will open 48 hours before testing sites open.
17883	Regrettably, the APC leaders and members have come under incessant attacks, harassment and intimidation.
17884	Regular book clubs often are cocktail parties, and they’re usually not just about the book, Nice points out.
17885	Regular free updates are planned for the game, which will bring seasonal events.
17886	Regulators on Friday draft legislation that would let news publishers in the country negotiate compensation with the two tech companies for sharing or displaying their stories.
17887	Rehiring and paying employees are among big problems on the horizon for many businesses.
17888	Reichel said California state law prohibits people from training to be part of a militia group, even on private property.
17889	Reid added: “There are four young boys who are training regularly with the first-team.
17890	Reid and Macfarlane both advise residents to keep checking with pharmacies in their area, family physicians, nurse practitioners, and if none of them have available supplies, to check back in with them later to see if more shots have come in.
17891	Reid lined-up his players in a 2-5-3 formation and by crowding the midfield, India were able to win a lot of battles in that area of the pitch and break Netherlands’ momentum.
17892	Reifer waved to the health care workers as he passed them.
17893	Reigns stared back, then looked down at his Universal Title belt.
17894	Relationships between group members caused rising tensions.
17895	Relationships, exercise, tea or coffee is a regular part of life for most people.
17896	Relatively well-off countries such as Mexico, Brazil and Chile have already earmarked billions of dollars for vaccine purchases, hustling to cut bilateral deals with manufacturers in a free-for-all in which money talks.
17897	Relative strength in the GDX compared to gold has persisted throughout the month, which suggests mining stock investors are anticipating further upside in gold.
17898	Relaxation in curfew will be given for four hours during the day between 7am till 11am.
17899	Released files from the British secret service agency MI5 revealed that there was a mole in the PPP leadership in the 1950s.
17900	Released in September 1991, the record had sold over 1 million copies in the US by the end of that year.
17901	Reliable information about the plan’s details remain elusive, however, with sources in Jerusalem saying the plan has not been finalized.
17902	Relief workers poured in from around the state to assist with the Dec. 2 landslide disaster, which led to fears of an outbreak of COVID-19 at the same time, since some 50 households had to evacuate.
17903	Reluctantly paired with CIA high-tech expert, Fortune sets off on a globe-trotting mission where he will have to use all of his charm, ingenuity, and stealth to track down and infiltrate billionaire arms broker.”
17904	Remember, anytime you’re stuck for words, just mutter something about the “good old days” when gasoline didn’t cost 24 cents a gallon.
17905	Remember, do your best, and God will take care of the rest.
17906	Remember how cool it looked when they closed Pike/Pine for that experiment a few years back?
17907	Remember, Moshe Rabbeinu, David HaMelech, Avraham Avinu, as well as Yaakov Avinu all opted to be shepherds so they could have time to be alone and contemplate.
17908	Remember, nutrition is a science, it's not as simple as calories in calories out!
17909	Remember that a data breach can lead to extortion or expensive legal issues, as well as costly business interruption.
17910	Remember, the Libs have been pushing for UBI for several years now, citing how great it is.
17911	Remember the name Bruce Roth?
17912	Remember there are many regulatory requirements for services industries like PCI -- DSS or SOX compliance or regulatory compliance such as GDPR.
17913	Remember those small LCD handheld games that were ubiquitous in the ’90s?
17914	Remember, we may continue within the CRISIS phase of the Super-Cycle for another 3 to 10+ years.
17915	“Remember what grabbed your undivided attention.
17916	Remember when Cracked was a funny kid's magazine?
17917	Remer City Library, Remer: 9-11 a.m., second and fourth Tuesdays.
17918	Reminder: You have slightly longer to download data from Yahoo Groups -- but you still need to move fast!
17919	Remnant: From The Ashes might be a third-person shooter, but don't expect it to be rather generous when it comes to giving ammo to its players.
17920	Remnants of Tropical Storm Cristobal pass over the area.
17921	Removal on Tuesday to arrive at St. Brigid’s Parish Church, Kildare Town for 11 o’clock Requiem Mass. Burial afterwards in St. Conleth’s Cemetery, Kildare Town.
17922	Remove foil and bake an additional 15 minutes.
17923	Remove from the pan and season well with black pepper.
17924	Remove the tea bags and any whole spices you may have used.
17925	Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in Adaptimmune Therapeutics by 66.7% during the fourth quarter.
17926	Renaming is just playing with the emotions of residents; it is physiological mumbo jumbo.
17927	Rena tells the two that they are smarter than they look.
17928	Repairs to address the health, safety and welfare of the public, as well as repair and maintenance projects to prolong the remaining useful life of the building should be performed first.
17929	Repairs to concrete columns and caulking windows are also on the to-do list.
17930	Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez slammed party leaders in the NY Times for relying on "magical thinking" rather than changing power dynamics.
17931	Reparations work on the notion a determinable and fixed group of Americans owes another determinable and fixed group of Americans a lot of money for something that happened long before any of them were born.
17932	Rep. Fincher said funding in the classroom effects the teacher-to-student ratio.
17933	Rep. Kweisi Mfume is a known entity to the vast majority of the residents of the venerable 7th Congressional District of Baltimore City (and also parts of Baltimore and Howard counties) for good reason; he once served the district with distinction.
17934	Replacements have been made and shall be announced in due course.
17935	Replacing employees is much more expensive than training, which provides employees with opportunities for development and increases loyalty.
17936	Replying to a query raised through Twitter about the emergency landing, the airlines said the flight number QR830 was diverted to the Kolkata Airport after a woman passenger reported birth onboard.
17937	Rep. Nanette Barragan (D-San Pedro) speaks during a news conference after touring the federal penitentiary at Terminal Island to inquire about the high number of COVID-19 cases among inmates and prison staff.
17938	Reportable segments excludes System Fund results, hotel cost reimbursements and exceptional items.
17939	Report at 4:53 p.m. Sunday of a domestic disturbance on the 1800 block of Norwood Street.
17940	Reported deaths were 1,971, the highest since May 7. Test, case, and hospitalization counts broke all-time records today.
17941	Reportedly, In one of the chats, Namrata allegedly asked the manager Jaya Saha for MD for a party when she visited Mumbai.
17942	Reports claimed that Stacey had encouraged Kevin to leave because she ‘thinks they can be a bit of a TV power couple’.
17943	Reports of additional stimulus measures aided sentiment, with the Trump Administration reportedly considering proposals to provide unemployed Americans cash as an incentive to return to work.
17944	Reports of the deep internal divisions that wrack the world’s sole remaining superpower ensure that the upcoming US presidential election will be more closely watched round the globe than usual.
17945	Representatives from B. Riley and JCPenney were unable to provide further details on the decision.
17946	Represents reimbursement to FMC for 2018 income taxes and transaction related costs, pursuant to the Tax Matters Agreement, for which we accrued liabilities at December 31, 2018.
17947	Rep. Rob Bishop, R-Utah and a member of the House Armed Services Committee, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
17948	Rep. Scott Landry, D-Farmington, is serving his first term in the Maine House and represents Farmington and New Sharon.
17949	Rep. Terri Sewell and other members of the Congressional Black Caucus depart Monday's service for the late Rep. John Lewis.
17950	Republican Diane Harshbarger won the only open U.S. House seat for Tennessee.
17951	Republican Rep. Lee Zeldin of New York offered a rebuttal to such claims Friday on Twitter.
17952	Republicans are attempting to ensure a serious undercount in a variety of ways that will deny New Mexico hundreds of millions of dollars in federal funding.
17953	Republican Senator Mike Lee also announced he has tested positive for the disease, at first believing he was experiencing allergy symptoms.
17954	Republicans have long tried to turn that into a negative and tarnish them as beholden to an out-of-touch Hollywood elite.
17955	Research concluded that on average, Americans ages 20 to 34 spend just 0.11 hours reading every day.
17956	Researchers also found that measuring immunoglobulin was highly accurate in identifying infected patients who were sick for at least two weeks.
17957	Researchers are looking to the Murray-Darling's past to understand its future under climate change.
17958	Researchers at Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kharagpur on Saturday have introduced a novel portable rapid diagnostic device that will help to detect Coronavirus infection.
17959	Researchers believe the operator behind Wroba are China-based and known as “Roaming Mantis.”
17960	Researchers comparing the results across jurisdictions could learn about the effects of distancing and other factors on prevalence.
17961	Researchers determined the recommended dose was 300 mg once daily.
17962	Researchers said statins help in lowering and removing cholesterol from cell membranes.
17963	Researchers working on COVID-19 can now request access to the interface; previously, it was only available to government agencies, academic institutions, and other organizations for bacterial study.
17964	Research has found that those who have close relationships in their lives and feel connected to their friends have stronger immune systems than those who don’t.
17965	Resembling two overlapping arrows, they’re meant to indicate that the message hasn’t, in fact, come from a close contact, but instead merely been pushed into a chat from another source.
17966	Reshuffling the LA doesn’t address the deliberate absence of transparency and responsibility.
17967	Resident Evil 7: Biohazard has been pretty good although the graphics and level of detail are a bit of a distraction.
17968	Residential Services wrote that any items sent via the USS ship-to-school program or in storage since the spring can be kept in storage at no cost to students for the fall.
17969	Residents 60 or older are eligible for a senior rate of $32.
17970	Residents also raised concerns about how the jail — which state corrections officials have labeled as “dysfunctional” and “a danger” — is located across the street from a high school in a residential neighborhood.
17971	Residents at Aguda area of Surulere say they only received packages from private individuals but none from state or federal government.
17972	Residents driving to the site should enter State Street from Broad Street and line up along the west side of State Street.
17973	Residents must not share any such news which they are not confident about.
17974	RESIDENTS of Kibaha District and its environs are expected to get better healthcare services, after the Aga Khan Health Services (Tanzania), opened a 345m/-facility.
17975	Residents of Maiduguri in northern Nigeria’s Borno state booed President Muhammadu Buhari’s convoy as as he arrived for a “sympathy visit” on Wednesday following an attack in the area that left 30 people dead.
17976	Residents were advised to remain inside and be on the lookout for Mr Cole, while nearby St John Berchmans Catholic School schools cancelled classes, according to their Facebook pages.
17977	Residents were sleeping when the fire began and they tell us that they did not hear the fire alarms go off.
17978	Resignations from the ranks of its commissioners and former acting director of corruption prosecutions, Dirk Harrison, last year, also sparked concerns that all was not well at the corruption watchdog.
17979	Respect him and he will respect you.
17980	Respect the will of the Guyanese people to choose their leader,” the State Department official implored in his tweet.
17981	Respite care is a Medicare benefit that offers hospice patients a five day stay per month to provide a brief respite for the patient’s primary caregiver.
17982	Responding to the Covid-19 pandemic, Fisher-Price recently released a special edition line of Little People called Thank You Heroes, with net proceeds going to First Responders First.
17983	“Responding to this or any other emergency or implementation of government policy should not increase integrity deficit or risky behaviour,” spokesperson, Rasheedat Okoduwa, said in Abuja yesterday.
17984	“Responsibility is the word that I would use,” he said.
17985	Restaurants and cafes will move to delivery and takeaway only, beauty and personal services will close and community sport will be brought to a halt.
17986	Restaurants, bars, breweries, retail, and other similar establishments may apply to the City to open an outdoor seating or retail area on a sidewalk or in public parking spaces in accordance with state guidelines.
17987	Restaurants, bars, clubs and lounges to stop indoor dining by 10pm.
17988	“Restaurants here in Lewiston were diligently preparing to open in just a few days under the guidance they had,” Libby wrote.
17989	Restaurants will still be able to offer curbside pickup and drive-thru options as well as food delivery.
17990	Rest in peace Jake, all your dreams came true.
17991	Restoration projects are our best tool for repairing disturbed grasslands, but there is no real substitute for landowners, the private sector, and government working together to keep healthy grasslands from falling under the plow.”
17992	Restoring the light to a world can be hard work, luckily for Leila, there is a home that she to rest her head in Vigil: The Longest Night.
17993	Restricted travel and professional development budgets, with an estimated savings of $800,000.
17994	Results are expected back within five to seven days.
17995	“Retailers have agreed to maintain prices unless they have been increased from suppliers.
17996	Retailers selling branded products which are directly sourced from the farmers are largely absent with few notable exceptions like SAFAL (the fruit & vegetable marketing subsidiary of Mother dairy) and few start-ups.
17997	Retail shops and malls are open to indoor shopping.
17998	Retired Army Col. Douglas Macgregor, a decorated combat veteran, author and frequent guest on Fox News, claimed that Muslim migrants were coming to Europe “with the goal of eventually turning Europe into an Islamic state.”
17999	Retribution is here and the match breaks down.
18000	Return to glory?
18001	Rev. Claire Elizabeth: Two future world champs here for sure, but MJF’s first title win is a lot closer than Jack’s.
18002	Rev. Dr. Joseph Lowery, Dr. King’s Chairman of ‘s Board for 27 years.
18003	Revenue has been on a strong and steady uptick, until 2020.
18004	Revenues plunged 34 per cent to £1.5billion, and are down 50.8 per cent since the end of September due to the second lockdown.
18005	Revenue, which dropped about 8.6% during the Great Recession, is predicted to plummet as much as 15% to 30% this time.
18006	Review in your mind how others have communicated with you and how it makes you feel when they do.
18007	Rev. Kevin McCall, a civil rights activist in Brooklyn, said Gayle's family was calling for District Attorney Eric Gonzalez to open his own investigation into the officers' conduct.
18008	Reynolds also defended her decision to reopen the state as necessary.
18009	RGGI Announces New Corporate Production and Manufacturing Headquarters for it.
18010	Rhiann has also been flooded with support from local businesses, who are sending her things to do in isolation, like craft and activity kits for the children, and helping her out with ways to complete as much of her list as possible.
18011	RHOBH: Teddi Mellencamp says she was “not surprised” that Denise Richards left RHOBH.
18012	RHP Austin Brice (0-0) makes his first start for Boston after four relief appearances.
18013	Rhule turned down a chance to interview with the Browns, and met with the Panthers yesterday.
18014	Rhumbline Advisers now owns 15,337 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $252,000 after acquiring an additional 1,233 shares during the period.
18015	Riad Ismat was renowned in Syria.
18016	Rian Johnson's highly acclaimed murder-mystery film sees an affluent family under suspicion of murdering their patriarch, with the humble housekeeper Marta (Ana de Armas) stuck in the middle of it all.
18017	Ribs cooked on the Napoleon grill came out tasty, though with bark that was a little dry.
18018	Ricardo saw the officer approach through the living room window, and he ran upstairs to his bedroom.
18019	Rice insists Moyes will get West Ham 'back where they need to be'
18020	Rice supplies are lowered 2.6 million tons to 681.7 million, primarily on reduced production forecasts for China, Thailand, and Vietnam.
18021	Richa also shared the look on Instagram, and wrote, "Something exciting coming soon, Watch this space for more ".
18022	Richard Alan Nauenburg, 68, of St. Edward, passed away Monday, Jan.
18023	Richard B. Spencer, a prominent white nationalist who is among 24 defendants in a lawsuit over the rally in Charlottesville, also said he might attend.
18024	Richard Grenell, U.S. ambassador to Germany, attends the "Rally for Equal Rights at the United Nations (Protesting Anti-Israeli Bias)" aside of the Human Rights Council at the United Nations in Geneva last March.
18025	Richard Linklater’s local and personal artistry flourishes with hearty and sardonic glee in this comedy of murder, starring Jack Black and Shirley MacLaine and a host of townspeople, from 2012.
18026	Richard Shelby is the reason UAB and Huntsville’s Space and Rocket Center are Alabama’s most prestigious as well as Alabama’s two largest employers.
18027	Richardson pointed at some other things, such as having a big heart, trusting God, and not letting the sun go down on your anger.
18028	Rich Black men can make an argument that they’re voting in their economic interests.
18029	Rich in biodiversity, it is also a fabulous visitor attraction with a beautiful boardwalk and woodland trails.
18030	Rick Berne represented Julio Gonzalez, who was convicted of 174 counts of murder in the second degree and other crimes.
18031	Rick Cuming said teachers are also expressing concern for their students, colleagues and their own family members.
18032	Rick had asked about making some further equity investments.
18033	Rick is a well-regarded, long-tenured CFO with significant technology expertise and experience scaling companies, which are among the key attributes we are looking for as we conduct a thorough search for our permanent CFO.
18034	Ricky Bromberg, above, is president of Bromberg & Co. the well-known Birmingham-based fine jewelry and gift store started by his great-great-great-grandfather Frederick W. Bromberg in Mobile in 1836.
18035	Riddle, a former UFC fighter in his own right, has been talking openly for several years about wanting to retire the “Beast Incarnate” in a professional wrestling ring.
18036	Rider women’s soccer junior captain, Teresa Richardson, expressed what it has been like without Carbonell out on the field.
18037	Ridge then pleads with Steffy, saying, “You’ve overcome so much – you can overcome this.”
18038	Ridley pumped the brakes on talks of adapting the course to the long ball.
18039	Rieko Nakagawa, born in 1935 in Sapporo, was working as a teacher in a small nursery school near Komazawa Park when she wrote her first children's book.
18040	Riemer reported that they have been working with the policies and advisories put forward by the provincial government and the SHA in regards to the safety of the physical facilities, and said they will continue to abide by the guidelines set.
18041	Right-back Marta Torrejon stole the show in a one-sided affair as he scored four goals in the game.
18042	Right/Bottom: Melanie, right, a staffer for the Sanders campaign, helps volunteers at the NY State Bernie Sanders headquarters in Brooklyn on April 19, 2016.
18043	Right, cause I thought that when it comes to mic-drops, they could not work and seem cheesy or they can really hit home and your cliffhanger at the end of season one really built up a hype towards this season that I felt you nailed.
18044	Right-click on the file.
18045	Right from the get go, the Lady Rams were on the board first.
18046	Right now, both Orlandos are suffering as the city shuts down in an effort to slow the spread of coronavirus.
18047	Right now, for the most part, we have more buyers than lookers relative to what we have historically seen in our stores.
18048	Right now, I am calmer and more determined than before.
18049	“Right now I’m 100 percent pain-free,” Fulmer told Dickerson, “and happy with the way everything's going.”
18050	“Right now maybe is the best moment in the season there … I always have a great opinion and a good respect for Man United.”
18051	Right now New York City’s Administration for Children’s Services is continuing to fully operate.
18052	“Right now,” she said, “that feels fairly appropriate.”
18053	Right now, there are more than 13,000 people sheltered in hotels as a result of this pandemic.
18054	Right now we are flying fairly blind.
18055	Rights groups say this exposes trans people to potential discrimination in employment, housing, and accessing services and official procedures.
18056	Right side up it says "Mr.
18057	Right there next to her image is her name and a little teaser about her cover story.
18058	Rime of the Frostmaiden is a brand new modern horror inspired adventure that capitalizes on the rich history of Icewind Dale without just telling the same story originally dreamed up by R.A. Salvatore.
18059	Rio Tinto is the majority owner of the Resolution Copper mine project near Surprise, being developed with another Australian-Anglo company, BHP.
18060	Rippling passagework was not like filigree but substantive: Each note mattered.
18061	Rise to top didn't happen overni…
18062	“Rise up against the clique or defect to the Ethiopian Defense Forces, use the opportunity given to you by your country in the next two or three days… save yourself.”
18063	Rishi Kapoor played the ailing, adorable grandfather of a somewhat dysfunctional family in this Shakun Batra directorial.
18064	Rising hopes for a resolution to the U.S.-China trade war helped propel global equities to record highs late last year and depress the value of the U.S. dollar.
18065	RITA is a professional trade association dedicated to the expansion of opportunities for all Americans to save and invest for retirement.
18066	Rita started by sharing that everything was going well for three weeks, and it’s surprising how Rahul brought up the topic now.
18067	Rite Aid had a positive return on equity of 1.66% and a negative net margin of 1.84%.
18068	Riters' team ran tests over 2 years.
18069	Rival AT&T Inc. on Thursday reported a net loss of 151,000 postpaid phone subscribers, a figure that counted 338,000 past-due subscribers as disconnections, though their service remained active during the pledge.
18070	Rivers said he thinks a quote from former Bulls coach Phil Jackson — “It’s a city with broad shoulders” — is one of the most appropriate ways to describe Chicago.
18071	Rivers state government has released 22 ExxonMobil workers who they arrested for violating a lock down order issued by the…
18072	Riyadh, along with Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt, cut all ties with Qatar in June 2017 over allegations Doha was too close to Iran and backed radical Islamists.
18073	Road fatalities are on the rise in Tumakuru district for the consecutive second year.
18074	Road rehabilitation and erosion control are other areas many communities have had to intervene, although the huge amounts required to execute them had always been a drawback.
18075	Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. lessened its stake in Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (NYSE:COG) by 3.2% in the 3rd quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.
18076	Robert Cahaly of the Trafalgar Group.
18077	Robert Downey Jr. is the handsomer, more soulful version of Lloyd’s Doc Brown (minus the wacky white hair).
18078	Robert Fallo can be reached at robert.
18079	Robert Jenrick confirmed that people currently shielding will be able to spend time with their households or, if they live alone, with one person from another household.
18080	Roberts also had kind words for Judge Merrick Garland, though he did not name him in the report.
18081	Roberts and Moder also maintain at least one apartment in New York, and they recently expanded their California real estate horizons beyond Malibu.
18082	Roberts said that Wion helped to fit the design within the proportions needed to fill the space on Poplar Avenue.
18083	"Robin and Marian" (1976) opposite Audrey Hepburn was not a popular success, but critics embraced it, and the film cemented Connery's reputation as a versatile, serious screen actor.
18084	Robin Lehner, Max Pacioretty, Mark Stone and Ryan Reaves were pending UFAs when they were acquired, and all but Reaves re-signed before free agency began.
18085	Robinson and Nunn will also become restricted free agents in 2021 if the Heat don't extend them between now and then.
18086	Roborock S5 robot vacuums and mops your floors.
18087	'Rochester police has deemed this an unlawful assembly,' the officers shouted through mega phones at demonstrators.
18088	Rochester police said the victim - an 80-year-old man from Missouri - “is very concerned about his dog and he is willing to provide a $5,000 reward for the person who gets his dog back for him.
18089	‘Rock and a hard place’ might be an understatement.
18090	Rodenbeck’s team devised the new algorithm to translate the small, but detectable vibrations from a vehicle into sounds which can be characterized and measured.
18091	Rodeo ‘great thing for the community’
18092	Rodgers expressed his doubts this week whether the 33-year-old would go back on his decision to retire from international football despite the potential opportunity to earn a recall from Gareth Southgate for this summer’s European Championship.
18093	Rodier would be able to pick up contract work, but right now she has to turn down those opportunities because she is already stretched thin with work and child care.
18094	Roger Staubach was gone from the game for four years and still managed to lead the Dallas Cowboys to victory in two Superbowls.
18095	Rohit Raju, Chris Bey, and Jordynne Grace vs. Trey Miguel, Willie Mack, and TJP: Raju continues to be highly entertaining as the cowardly champion.
18096	Rohit reached the ropes and grabbed the belt.
18097	Rohit Reddy also shared a selfie featuring Ekta and Anita.
18098	Rohit, who is the vice-captain of the limited teams in India and also leads He reacted to his leadership style when compared to Dhoni.
18099	ROH’s Bandido, who missed last weekend’s post Death Before Dishonor tapings due to injury, underwent knee surgery this week, according to PW Insider.
18100	Rokk joins Jenni, who tells him that it looks like the Tyrazzians are going to attack the stargate, which is what happens.
18101	RolandTGunner: Gubbo: RolandTGunner: Indeed, traveling through west Texas last year I saw several huge piles of old blades.
18102	Roll in confectioners’ sugar and place on lightly greased cookie sheets about 2 inches apart.
18103	Rollout of NHS contact tracing app is DELAYED as No10 claims.
18104	Roman Reigns being cheered is actually a good sight to see but this is something that WWE doesn't want to happen.
18105	Roman Reigns defeated Jey Uso to retain the Universal Championship.
18106	Romans, bracing for a siege, are swinging erratically between last-days-of-disco day drinking and holing up during eerily quiet nights.
18107	Roman will attend Liberty University in the fall to major in aeronautics.
18108	‘Roma’ Star Yalitza Aparicio to Host 2020 Latin GrammysYalitza Aparicio, the star of Alfonso Cuarón’s “Roma,” has been named the host of the 2020 Latin Grammy Awards, the awards body announced.
18109	Romeo should absolutely be considered.
18110	Rome said that, at first, they had four or five girls, siblings of boys already in the male unit.
18111	Romney says probe into Hunter Biden and Burisma ‘not legitimate role of government’
18112	Ronald Lee Higham, 72, of Madison, Indiana, died Friday, June 12, 2020, at his home.
18113	Ronald Reagan, Richard Nixon, and Dwight Eisenhower all went higher than 90%.
18114	Ronald Sullivan, a lawyer for Ms. Bronfman, said he would appeal the sentence, calling it an “abomination.”
18115	Ron Howard is one of the most respected and well-liked actors of his generation, and he went on to become an even more respected, award-winning filmmaker.
18116	Roni Daniel, the network’s military analyst, says it is “time to end the pathetic handling” of Israel’s response to the outbreak and calls for the IDF’s Home Front Command to be put in charge.
18117	Ron Schaffer of Bellevue Hill agrees, adding: "It comes from the devil being shown in images with a (billy) goat’s head."
18118	Roos will be replaced by Brandon Leigh, who is a founder of the business and current chief strategy officer, effective from 1 March 2021.
18119	Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in Consolidated Edison by 63.9% during the 3rd quarter.
18120	Rosalyn Coons was one of them.
18121	Rosa testified Lewis was hospitalized multiple times during their relationship due to overdosing on medication.
18122	Roscommon’s Enda Smith with James Smith of Cavan during this afternoon’s Division Two League encounter at Kingspan Breffni.
18123	Rose Edwards of Penobscot came to help for several hours both Friday and Saturday.
18124	Rose remained “coherent” and alert, according to neighbors.
18125	Roseville scored two goals in the third period, but the Wolfpack scored twice as well to win the game.
18126	Rosie plays Megan, Cassie’s close friend and a fellow flight attendant.
18127	Ross, a Holocaust survivor who spent decades searching for the soldier who helped him at a concentration camp in 1945, died Monday, Feb. 24, 2020, Boston Mayor Marty Walsh said in a tweet.
18128	Ross had a few long-term relationships but they all followed the same story arc.
18129	Ross learned about WIPB (“The Joy of Painting” was first filmed at WNVC in Falls Church, Va.) while being at art workshops at the nearby Delaware County Fairgrounds.
18130	Roughly 57% of organizations view employee retention as a problem — and given the low wages and high stress associated with teaching, it’s no surprise that the annual turnover rate in U.S. schools is 16%.
18131	Roughly 630,000 calls were made to the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles, one of 12 nonprofit groups tapped by the state to vet applicants, in the first 90 minutes.
18132	Round the dog's neck is a lanyard.
18133	Routine tests were not available for staff or residents for most of March and April and staff say vital personal protective equipment (PPE) has been in limited supply.
18134	Rowley is not ruling out the possibility of continuing to serve Mechanics in an upstairs role, adding: “If I could commit, I wouldn’t put off the thought process of stepping into some upstairs capacity.
18135	Row two isn’t quite as luxurious, but it’s good for the SUV’s size, and access is easy.
18136	Royal already enjoys a close relationship with Edoardo's former Olympian father.
18137	Royal author Penny Junor also weighed in to describe the decision not to make William's diagnosis public as 'very odd', saying it went against royal precedent.
18138	Royal Bank of Canada decreased their target price on shares of Canadian Tire from C$190.00 to C$171.00 and set an outperform rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 26th.
18139	Royal Navy sailors will be banned from smoking on board all vessels from the start of 2021.
18140	Royals are a notch ahead with eight points after their comprehensive win over CSK in the previous game.
18141	Royce & Associates LP increased its holdings in CorVel by 19.9% in the fourth quarter.
18142	Roys will go on to the general election in November — there is not a Republican candidate running for the position.
18143	Roy tries to recover from severe wounds inflicted by his beloved tiger Mantacore, but the team’s excuses for the animal’s behavior lose credibility upon further investigation.
18144	R&R’s lengthy association with the right people have enabled it to get ideal messaging placement.
18145	RSK Smart Bitcoin (RBTC) traded 1.6% higher against the dollar and now trades at $10,285.59 or 0.98740491 BTC.
18146	RTL’s German adaptation of I Can See Your Voice will be hosted by Daniel Hartwich with a celebrity panel team of Evelyn Burdecki, Jorge Gonzalez, Thomas Hermanns, Tim Malzer and Judith Rakers.
18147	RT with trophies presented to him to mark his 4000 race wins.
18148	Rubenstein said this particular incident does not fall under the parameters of a critical incident mandating the release of such footage.
18149	Rubtsov played in the QMJHL which is generally regarded as the highest scoring CHL league.
18150	Rudiger will now have to convince the Englishman in training that he is worthy is going back into the first team as Zouma and Thiago Silva are currently holding the two central positions.
18151	Rudolph had overseen production at the Nordhausen factory.
18152	Rudy Giuliani said exactly that without shame or embarrassment at a news conference last week.
18153	Rules change daily as the virus spreads and officials struggle to figure out how and whether they can keep the massive system running.
18154	Rules drawn up by a sex workers' group also call for masks to be worn if possible and bed sheets to be washed after each client departs to stop the spread of coronavirus.
18155	Rulings like Plessy v. Ferguson (1896) that enshrined “separate but equal” racial segregation and Bowers v. Hardwick (1986) that upheld a state law against homosexual acts have long been overturned.
18156	Rumours of a mutiny that morning morphed into Keïta's resignation under duress, which amounted to a military takeover.
18157	Run by Mew Garthley, the business was unable to operate during lockdown due to not being able to get access to vital cooking equipment that was stored in the Market.
18158	Run it as well as you can, to my people, great people, run it as well as you can, I could have gone the other route and made everybody very unhappy.
18159	Running back contracts in today’s NFL tend to not break the bank unless you are in the upper echelon of production.
18160	Running low on playdough?
18161	Rusev fired up, stomping, Lana hangs on his leg for dear life and Lashley capitalizes.
18162	Rush and Aldis show good teamwork into the commercial.
18163	Rushing upstairs with a colleague to see what happened, they didn't find anything.
18164	Rush remained in the Hennepin County jail ahead of a court appearance Wednesday.
18165	Russell also noted that testing in the coming days will reveal a lot of information about the extent of transmission that may have taken place.
18166	Russell had been charged in 2nd District Court with murder, felony discharge of a weapon, possession of a firearm by a restricted person, and possession of a controlled substance and drug paraphernalia.
18167	Russell remembered his old teammate with a heartfelt tweet Tuesday, posting, “We were rookies together and friends for life.
18168	Russell Wilson needs to just admit that he wants them to pick up AB so he can get another ring.
18169	Russia, Iran, Venezuela can team up to confront US,…
18170	Russian authorities violently arrested prominent doctor Anastasia Vasilyeva, who exposed the country’s ill-preparedness for fighting for fighting the coronavirus, Amnesty International reports.
18171	Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has been interviewed by Russian newspaper Kommersant during which he discussed, among other things, the situation in Nagorno-Karabakh.
18172	Russian officials have been sharply critical of the targeted killing in Iraq but have not otherwise intimated how the Kremlin might respond, or whether Moscow, which has longstanding ties with Tehran, might play a mediating role.
18173	Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev walk before a meeting with members of the government in Moscow on Wednesday.
18174	Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday said the number of fatalities had surpassed 4,000 and that tens of thousands of people had been forced to flee their homes.
18175	Russian president Vladimir Putin said last week that according to Moscow’s information, the death toll from the fighting was significantly higher than officially reported by the warring parties, nearing 5,000.
18176	“Russians appear to be rerunning their 2016 hacking playbook, once again to benefit Donald Trump,”
18177	Russia’s BMPT-72 is, as the name suggests, based on the heavily armored chassis of the 1970s T-72 main battle tank.
18178	Rust does not cause tetanus.
18179	Rustic Roots Salon and Brandon’s Diner are next-door neighbors in Riverside, but the people behind the storefronts saw the new order differently.
18180	Rutherford spoke with Josh Yohe of The Athletic Monday, expressing his interest in trading for a top-six forward before the deadline.
18181	Ruth Gregory, an economist at Capital Economics, said the Bank was likely to increase its money printing programme by a further £100bn later this year.
18182	Ruth Langsford, 59, reveals she uses hair extensions to.
18183	Ruthlessly violent, you can dispatch of foes any way you see fit be it with swords, maces, knives, war hammers, and more at your disposal.
18184	Rutter pointed to the daily coronavirus press conferences, chaired in almost all cases by a man, as another indication of where the power lies.
18185	Ryanair, for example, says customers who want a cash refund will receive it ''in due course'' as it is dealing with a much higher volume of requests than usual, with fewer staff.
18186	Ryanair: More than 90 per cent of the Irish-based airline's planes are now grounded, with the rest of the aircraft providing repatriation and rescue flights.
18187	Ryanair’s chief executive, Michael O’Leary, warned that would “undoubtedly fail once the subsidy ends”.
18188	Ryan Bartlow describes one of the dishes on the menu at his new restaurant, Ernesto’s, in tantalizing detail: hake dipped in egg and flour and fried, served with aioli, sweet roasted red peppers and a little bit of lemon.
18189	Ryan does a great job really getting the fans into it.
18190	Ryan Hagen covers the city of Riverside for the Southern California Newspaper Group.
18191	Ryan is Alberta’s Public Interest Commissioner and is an independent officer of the legislative assembly.
18192	Ryan O’Neal and Barbra Streisand in The Main Event.
18193	Ryan Wooten was fishing for smallmouth bass or, “maybe some walleye,” last week with a “little 3-inch black twistertail” with 4-pound line on spinning gear.
18194	’s 10 local authorities and the region’s mayor have condemned the government’s communication of the change as causing “confusion and distress for our residents”.
18195	S1 is a lot more powerful and a lot older, evolutionarily speaking.
18196	Saba is a Deputy Associate Editor based in New Delhi.
18197	Sabathia is impressed with Ohtani, who has played in just 210 MLB games since joining the Angels in 2018 as a pitcher and outfielder.
18198	“Sabavala stayed at the hotel for a long time after his return from studying in Paris.
18199	Sabir reiterated the mayor’s comments and accused the province of ignoring the concerns of residents in northeast Calgary.
18200	Sacha Baron Cohen remains a fearless and funny comedic force, and Maria Bakalova is hilarious and endearing as Tutar.
18201	Sachin Pilot, dissident MLAs get 4-day breather: Speaker's action on hold till Tuesday eveningSachin Pilot and 18 other Congress dissident MLAs on Friday got a four-day reprieve from any action by the assembly speaker on the disqualification notices.
18202	SACRAMENTO (CBS13) — Some Sacramento County movie theaters are getting ready to reopen just in time for the weekend.
18203	Sacramento has won both games against Golden State this season.
18204	Sadly, he passed away a young man in his late forties in 1963 and is buried in Luton.
18205	Sadly, in our ever-polarizing country, health care has become a divisive topic.
18206	Sadly, it will forever live in the shadow of its predecessors, which are nigh impossible to match.
18207	Sadly none of this is happening this year.
18208	Sadly, that’s not the case for many residents in both rural and urban areas.
18209	Sadly, the amount of massive research findings seems to be deepening rather than dispersing confusion over coronavirus, which is much more unpredictable than a simple respiratory virus in the way it attacks the body.
18210	Sadly, the Pixel 4a lacks wireless charging or an IP rating for water resistance.
18211	Sadly, there were stories of some of the proceeds from the Cyclone disaster being looted by Zanu PF officials and some foodstuffs ended up expiring because of the bureaucracy that was involved in the handing out of donations.
18212	'Sadly, two people were found dead at the scene.'
18213	Sadness, hopelessness, fear— those emotions will wear you down.
18214	Saeb Erekat’s record, however, shows that this was not the first time that he had made a false accusation against Israel.
18215	Safe is so 2016.
18216	Safer-at-Home mandatethis year’s event will take place June 6-7 on social media, porches and sidewalks of participating artists in the Denver area.
18217	Safety Marcus Williams works to the top and he isn’t going to get beat deep again.
18218	Safisha was among the match officials who officiated the Premier League match which Simba won 3-2.
18219	SAGAL: And I don't think I recognized it because in those ads, you're so sincere about how great a truck it is when I would expect you to say something like, $40,000 for a pickup?
18220	SAGAL: This week, your article is "How to Pretend You're in Singapore."
18221	Sahadev Ghalley, 44, pleaded not guilty to stabbing a man multiple times in August.
18222	Sahoo said the government has identified as many as 45,965 ineligible beneficiaries who availed financial assistance under the Krushak Assistance for Livelihood and Income Augmentation (Kalia) scheme.
18223	Said, a senior translator and editor at the Alexandria Library, was active in cultural and anthropological activities in her city but had no political affiliations, the friend said.
18224	” said dietician Catherine Collins, a member of the British Dietetic Association.
18225	Said Michael Kuper, who is staffing JCRC/AJC’s voting advocacy and activism efforts, “Our organization understands that, for our democracy to function at the highest level, it requires an active, engaged, and educated citizenry.
18226	Said Rams coach Sean McVay: “They do a good job of mixing it up, they balance the run with the play action, they had some good screens early on.”
18227	” said Yair Sheleg, a research fellow at the Israel Democracy Institute, referring to Netanyahu by his nickname.
18228	Sai Kit Cheng is facing dozens of charges including animal cruelty and illegally possessing the lizards between June and October 2018.
18229	Sainsbury’s has also had seven staff members succumbing to virus symptoms across two stores nearby.
18230	Sainsbury’s have recalled their frozen by Sainsbury’s Cooked Mussels because Salmonella has been found in some of the products in this batch.
18231	S.A. is not involved.
18232	Sakunda operates Trafigura's Puma Energy fuel outlets.
18233	Salah’s death was Peel Region’s seventh homicide of 2020.
18234	Salesforce is talking to Slack about a buyout.
18235	Sales growth at Wayfair has slowed down in recent quarters.
18236	Sales of new energy vehicles, once a bright spot in the market, fell 4% last year and officials from the country’s top auto association said on Monday that they expect 2020 sales to stay at a similar level or slightly increase.
18237	Salient Capital Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Archrock in the fourth quarter worth approximately $6,951,000.
18238	SALISBURY — A Salisbury woman charged in connection with a “fish arcade” business that authorities said was operating as an illegal video-based gambling establishment has turned herself in.
18239	Salisbury was taken to Redington-Fairview General Hospital for head, back and torso injuries suffered in the crash.
18240	Salish weaving class sparks conversation and learning…
18241	Sally Lyall said: 'Planning to make pizza tomorrow so perfect timing.'
18242	Salman Saeed Mohammad, 21, of the 6400 block of N. Kedzie Avenue, was charged with possession of a controlled substance Nov. 23 in the 5000 block of Touhy Avenue.
18243	Salmon is also very important for necessary processes in the body such as the functioning of the immune system as well as bone health.
18244	Salon at Stirling Club at Turnberry Place opened Tuesday, part of the spa annex’s ongoing revitalization.
18245	Salt Lake City Mayor Erin Mendenhall, center, meets with people from Neighborhood House and the Nourish to Flourish food program at Neighborhood House in Salt Lake City on Tuesday, Dec. 22, 2020.
18246	Samantha is growing microgreens at home.
18247	• Samantha Wohlfeil explains how Palouse Brand used massive Amazon success to put locals to work.
18248	Samateh has highlighted measures that have been put in place to prevent the disease from spreading in the Gambia.
18249	Same goes for nation states, which take the benefits of the post truth era and manipulate the truth accordingly to use it against their rivals.
18250	Same type of people who think you shouldn't burn the flag or stomp on it.
18251	Sam Gariba said the conclusion by the Auditor-General that they have breached its mandate and “illegally” funding foreign scholarships is scandalous.
18252	Sam Hannah (played by LL Cool J) has often noted that Callen has a type on the show.
18253	Sampson was denoted in red, the site of critical community spread, one of 10 such counties under the highest alert.
18254	Sam Smith has finally released his latest album!
18255	Samuel McPaul, 28, Geoffrey Keaton and Andrew O'Dwyer were all killed as they battled the infernos to help save the homes and communities of others.
18256	Sam Worthington plays Jake Sully, a former Marine recruited to pilot an artificial body (or avatar) to better interact with the natives of the planet Pandora, the Na’vi, in order to gain their trust.
18257	SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. (KABC) -- Family, friends and colleagues gathered for a memorial service on Friday for the firefighter who died while battling the El Dorado Fire in the San Bernardino National Forest.
18258	Sánchez says the actual number could be more than 3 million because of gaps in testing.
18259	Sanders bounced around too much on what easily could’ve been a first down conversion to instead bring up 3rd-and-1.
18260	Sanders still leads the field in total delegates with 56. Biden is in second place with 48 delegates.
18261	Sanders suffered a heart attack in October, as the presidential campaign was well underway.
18262	Sanders’ support grew 9 points to 32 percent, double the backing of Democrats’ second choice, Joe Biden, who registered 16 percent.
18263	Sandoval, a Chicago Democrat who was chairman of the Senate Transportation Committee, pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court in Chicago to accepting about $250,000 in bribes in part from a camera vendor and for filing a false tax return.
18264	Sandoval's release marks the second time in the 2020 season that San Francisco has parted ways with a fan favorite.
18265	Sandra Birks and her dog Willow interact in Birks' Jasper home after the animal had gone missing for nine days.
18266	Sandy Oldfield contracted COVID-19 in March after she was exposed to a patient who wasn't even been suspected of having the coronavirus.
18267	Sanford Health supports their military employees by providing exceptional support in all states and across all of its business locations.
18268	San Francisco improved to 3-3 in the first of a brutal seven-game stretch.
18269	San Francisco, Jan 20 (IANS) Joining Microsoft President Brad Smith and Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Alphabet and Google CEO Sundar Pichai on Monday called for new regulations for Artificial Intelligence (AI), saying the only question now is how to approach it.
18270	SAN FRANCISCO, July 01, (THEWILL) – President Muhammadu Buhari has requested the approval of the Senate for the confirmation of 42 ambassadorial nominees.
18271	SAN FRANCISCO (KGO) -- Coronavirus pandemic has you missing baseball?
18272	SAN FRANCISCO (KGO) -- San Francisco's Presidio is planning to open a new opportunity to the public next week.
18273	SAN FRANCISCO, October 13, (THEWILL) – A Federal High Court presided over by Hon. Justice Inyang Ekwo has ruled that Magistrates are divested with the power under the Law to freeze bank accounts.
18274	Sangeet Som shot to limelight for his fiery speeches during the 2013 riots and was one of those named for inciting violence.
18275	Santa Clara County has 2,492 confirmed cases.
18276	Santa Claus is known for giving toys to all the good little children, but he has another job: keeping Krampus at bay.
18277	Sanu would average a career-low eight yards per reception with the Patriots.
18278	São Vicente registered yet another AAA company (AAA Activos Lda) in June 2009 only to transfer 99.91% of its stock to AAA International 10 months later.
18279	Saqib Shahab, chief medical health officer, and Scott Moe, premier of Saskatchewan, from right, arrive to a COVID-19 news update at the legislative building in Regina on Wednesday March 18, 2020.
18280	"Sara at home with the girls, trying to stave off cabin fever, is probably a bigger challenge in the lockdown."
18281	Sarah Nersesian said she hopes to convey Reddick and Belding's pride, empowerment and body positivity in her illustration.
18282	Sarah Sweet-Fortin said she recommends other Quebecers avoid New Brunswick for the near future after facing threats in Beresford.
18283	Sarah Wigglesworth leans against the limewashed pantry, a central area that separates the kitchen from the living space.
18284	Sarmiento noted that the current Covid-19 pandemic is compelling the public sector to “move forward” with telemedicine.
18285	Sa-Roc Says There Doesn’t Need To Be One Queen In Hip-H…
18286	Sarpanch of Benaulim Ezlina Fernandes said towers are opposed by the people and the panchayat has to obey what the people have to say.
18287	Sarraj was apparently referring to increasing tensions between his government and the Tripoli-based Central Bank of Libya and with an anti-graft body.
18288	SA Rugby will continue to work with all stakeholders on the prospects of a return to play for the Springboks at some point in 2020.
18289	Sasha left, and Willow arrived, with Michael apologizing for not bringing Wiley to see her sooner.
18290	Sasha returns to the NCIS: New Orleans cast tonight, as a new episode arrives on CBS.
18291	Sasha Would Have Loved It - facebook.
18292	SASKATOON -- Drivers continue to see prices drop at the pumps throughout the city.
18293	Sass was, as you’d expect, ecstatic on hearing the news.
18294	Satellite imagery of a North Korean shipyard on Friday shows activity suggestive of preparations for a test of a medium-range submarine-launched ballistic missile, a U.S. think tank reported on Friday.
18295	Satisfaction with the way things are going in the United States has dropped 12 points.
18296	Saturday, March 14, 2020 – 1:00 pm – How to Feed 50 People in 50 Minutes!
18297	Saturday marks the start of the first weekend since the "ring of steel" was lifted, with many Melburnians set to visit regional Victoria to take advantage of the warm weather and reunite with friends and family.
18298	Saturday night saw four more incidents, just after 10 p.m. a 54-year-old was shot in the head and killed in Holmesburg.
18299	Saturday, Sept. 5, Floyd County, Coosa Valley Fairgrounds, 1400 Martin Luther King Jr., Blvd., Rome, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
18300	Saturday will be grey but mostly dry in England and Wales although there will be patchy rain later in north-western.
18301	Saudi Arabia and the U.S. attributed the assault to Iran, which has denied involvement.
18302	Saudi Arabia, the Arab world’s biggest economy and home to Islam’s holiest sites, faces more sensitive political calculations than the UAE.
18303	's aunty Samantha has hard questions for after the 8 year old's body was found outside Worcester.
18304	Savannah Mayor Van Johnson said the changes could prove perplexing to the public.
18305	Savant Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Woodward by 0.3% in the 2nd quarter.
18306	Save the recipes you’d like to cook.
18307	Saving the world from an alien attack.
18308	Saying in a book or on TV that the man’s willful ignorance of international affairs makes him unfit to be president does not carry the same moral heft as testifying to that fact before Congress in a process to remove him.
18309	SB5811 passed the Senate 25-23 and now heads to Inslee for signing.
18310	SBVAC members volunteer up to 12 hours a week.
18311	Scald 1 c. whipping cream and cool to lukewarm.
18312	Scammers are instead becoming increasingly sophisticated, Ormsby said.
18313	Scandella has a 48 Corsi presently, which equals the best of his career.
18314	“Scarlet” is actually a new “old” song from the veteran band.
18315	Scarlett Johansson’s Avenger finally gets her solo Marvel movie, returning to Russia to confront her foes and family (Florence Pugh, David Harbour and Rachel Weisz).
18316	Scarver wrenched it right back, running right through the Bulldogs’ coverage team.
18317	Scattered throughout the level we have blue “benevolent graves” that you can use to summon an AI “acolyte” based on another player’s profile.
18318	SCDNR says the order also authorizes the managing authority of any public landing to close or restrict public access if they determine that action is necessary to preserve or protect public health.
18319	Schäfer, education department head Brian Schreuder and members of their team were providing insights into teaching and learning to the Western Cape legislature's Covid-19 oversight committee.
18320	Schafer is confident that a foreign campaign to influence US voters’ opinions through misleading social media posts or faked emails could never sway huge swaths of voters.
18321	Schaub said each team is required to send into the league an action plan for starting the season for players, staff members and fans.
18322	Schedule a shift as a dog walker.
18323	Scheduled for fall 2020, the course is for upper-division (senior) undergraduate students in chemical engineering, chemistry, microbiology, biology, pharmacy or pre-medicine.
18324	Scheduling the second flight within 3 weeks from the first repatriation flight has really helped the Odia diaspora who were interested to return back, but were left out earlier for some reasons, said General Secretary Susmita Rout.
18325	Schenck was led by Marissa Cram in 14th place.
18326	SCHENECTADY - There’s still no word on what caused a Schenectady fire on Tuesday morning.
18327	Scherzinger opted for black mascara and eyeliner while sporting her dark straight long hair down with a fringe.
18328	Schiff is anathema to Republicans.
18329	SCHIFF (tape): We have not spoken directly with the whistleblower.
18330	Schlumberger jumped 6.6%, EOG Resources rose 7% and Occidental Petroleum leaped nearly 14%, but all three remain down by more than half for the year.
18331	Schmid co-founded Vera in 2008 when he was an MBA student at Seattle University.
18332	Schmidt: 4th-and-2 coming up for USC.
18333	School board member Adele Jackson represents the Brentsville District, where Stonewall Jackson High is located.
18334	School Board should be non-partisan.
18335	School buildings will be cleaned daily, and deep cleaning will take place on Wednesday, when students are not in school, and on weekends.
18336	School bus drivers regularly radio in road hazards and more to the county’s dispatch.
18337	School closings to stop the spread of coronavirus and social distancing guidelines have affected many families as distance learning for school-age children became reality last week.
18338	School officials said in a press release late this afternoon that Turner has seen much success on the baseball diamond as both a player and a coach.
18339	School officials say students are taken for visits to the career center in eighth and 10th grades and have had some people talk to them about trades.
18340	Schools cannot control spread in the community, so it is important to practice safety measures not only in the classroom but also when you’re out in the community.”
18341	Schools, he said, could reopen for the new academic year as early as “July or August.”
18342	Schools, however, would have to wait for the new year, Beatty said.
18343	Schools should be more inclusive.
18344	Schools would switch to remote learning, companies could allow only essential workers in offices and gatherings of more than 10 people would be banned.
18345	Schumer: failure to call witnesses would mean "greatest cover up since Watergate"
18346	Schwab's attempts to broaden the agenda, to include issues such as climate change and income inequality, are a "sincere" attempt to enhance the dialogue, Moscovici said.
18347	Science has shown us COVID-19 is relentless, and because it’s a novel virus, it makes everyone susceptible.
18348	Science says that COVID-19 can live on your phone, but there have been no documented cases of this kind of transmission.
18349	”Scientists and Government officials alike are still researching to see if 5G is safe they are getting mix signals about the whole thing’
18350	Sci-fi veterans have no doubt heard stories of modest, downtrodden men with good hearts who end up being chosen for a greater purpose for the very fact of how humble and unheroic they seem.
18351	SC junks plea seeking ban on slaughtering of animals by way of 'halal'
18352	“Scold me more, my queen!”
18353	Scores:At National Stadium (GEORGETOWN): Jaguars require 26 runs for victory with one wicket remaining.
18354	Scotland and Northern Ireland, as strong gales and heavy rains rocked the nation in the wake of Storm Brendan.
18355	Scotland’s highest number of confirmed cases is in the Greater Glasgow and Clyde area, with 130 cases, followed by Lanarkshire with 49.
18356	Scotland Yard confirmed the Met's Directorate of Professional Standards has been notified and will review body worn cameras.
18357	Scott begins her senior season just 38 points from 1,000 in her career.
18358	Scottish terriers were originally bred to hunt vermin on farms, and to hunt foxes and badgers in the Scottish Highlands, so their fur was kept much shorter to allow them more agility.
18359	Scott Nauss, the province’s senior director of inspection compliance, says the collapse occurred at an intersection inside the underground operation at some point over the weekend.
18360	Scott Parker had his team trying to press from the front with Ruben Loftus-Cheek, the most advanced midfielder, joining Ademola Lookman and Ivan Cavaleiro, Fulham’s front two.
18361	Scott Todd says the Anti-Corruption Unit was selected to give the case a second look and it's been handed over to the Alberta Serious Incident Response Team for independent review.
18362	Screen Rant was provided with a digital Xbox Series X copy of the game for the purposes of this review.
18363	’s criticisms this week: “I don’t really care too much what Donald Trump thinks of me."
18364	Scroll down to find the well-hidden souvenirs highlighted.
18365	Scroll down to the part where it says American Geological Survey Government Organization and notice the list of resources.
18366	SDSU coach Brian Dutcher: Sam Merrill made a really hard shot over great defense.
18367	Sean McKenna is a long-term survivor I deeply admire, even though our approach to our shared history is sometimes very different.
18368	Sean Murphy-Bunting is a bit skeptical, as evidenced by the Bucs cornerback’s comment on the post.
18369	Sean Patterson is not worried that Donald Trump has been hospitalized with coronavirus because he believes what the president tells him.
18370	SEARCHES have been carried out in Clare and Limerick as part of an investigation into Pandemic Unemployment Payment (PUP) fraud offences.
18371	Season 1 sorta very gradually builds up a mystery around Harriet, showing that she is also working for somebody other than Meyer Offerman (Al Pacino).
18372	Season 2 of The Witcher is now in production with a planned launch in 2021, it's time for Geralt of Rivia to start slaying some more monsters.
18373	Season 2 starts on a kicka** mode.
18374	Season 3, Week 5 challenges have begun in Fortnite, and one of these is to fly through some floating, glowy rings at Steamy Stacks while in a match.
18375	’ Season 7 content is finally here, bringing a brand new map and a new legend for players to try out.
18376	Season 7 was the first time the couple appeared on the main series.
18377	Season three dropped on August 7, 2020.
18378	Seattle Mariners (+280) at Los Angeles Dodgers (-320, 10), 6:40 p.m.
18379	Seattle now leads the West by a game over Los Angeles, but the two play in an all-important Week 16 game in Seattle.
18380	SEATTLE — Riley Grigsby knocked down a 3-pointer with more than a minute left and Morgan Means added a jumper and two free throws in the closing seconds to help Seattle fend off a late rally by Grand Canyon and preserve a 95-89 win on Thursday night.
18381	Second, conduct a medical records review to determine neonatal survival by birthweight and maternal deaths.
18382	Secondly, banners, posters inviting people to join the ‘nation building’ programme would be released in all legislative assembly constituencies in India.
18383	“Secondly, for you to attack someone who’s trying to keep the ordinance of God, who’s trying to keep the commandments, trying to really reach a high level of righteousness, for you to attack someone in that manner shows another level of ignorance.
18384	Secondly, international and regional efforts to resolve Sudan's conflicts were in the past frustrated by lack of political goodwill.
18385	Secondly, NPR should be conducted on the same lines as it was done in 2010.
18386	Secondly, there is a significant difference between SB 115 and SB 395 that raises questions of constitutionality.
18387	Secondly, this is the first game of a season where teams have had limited practice time and no exhibitions.
18388	Secondly, what kind of professional environmental review was done and by whom?
18389	Second row, aisle seat – good.
18390	Second-seeded EVW beat No. 7 Paynesville, 62-18.
18391	Second son Michael was only a year old when Ms Smith, who has kept her maiden name, entered Government as a junior education minister in 1999.
18392	Second, they briefly argued that since Bari and Cherney did not describe themselves as Earth First “leaders,” they were in no position to enforce a tree-spiking ban, even if they themselves believed that it was the right thing to do.
18393	Second-year pro Darrell Henderson suffered a high ankle sprain in last week’s 20-9 loss to the Seattle Seahawks.
18394	Second-year students in the Laser and Photonics Technology program at Central Carolina Community College toured the National Ignition Facility (NIF) at Lawrence Livermore National Labs (LLNL).
18395	Secretary Lei has said that he remains “cautiously optimistic” about the overall economic development of Macau.
18396	Secretary of State Mac Warner said nobody should be betting on presidential elections, “in West Virginia or anywhere.”
18397	Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not running for Senate in Kansas is considered a blow to Republicans’ chances of holding onto that seat, as it makes it likelier that the party will nominate divisive and potentially unelectable candidate Kris Kobach.
18398	Section 14 further prohibits refilling of a cylinder that is not branded, defaced or due for repair.
18399	Section 266 of the Election Act stats that anyone found to have provided false or misleading information could face financial penalties, jail time, or disqualification from holding office or voting for seven years.
18400	Section 327(2) states that international treaties do not bind Zimbabwe until they have been approved by Parliament.
18401	Section 8AAA has been a section with no clear-cut favorite in recent history, and that looks to be the case again this winter.
18402	Section managers risk being fined for not meeting responsibilities, but are paid about the same as their colleagues.
18403	Secure contact tracing is a cornerstone of Alberta’s Relaunch Strategy.
18404	Securing the territory’s prosperity, depends on a strong economy and that’s why there’s so much at stake this election.
18405	Securitisation and the external commercial borrowing (ECB) market that was a large source of liquidity in the past 18 months have also now dried up and balance sheet liquidity is key to avoid default.
18406	Security experts said that the wide-ranging attacks hinted that the problem was caused by a security flaw in Twitter’s service, not by lax security measures used by the people who were targeted.
18407	Security personnel at both Ghana and Togo sides of the routes were resolute, turning travellers away from crossing.
18408	“Security staff described him as arguing, boasting to them about how much he had earned in the last week.”
18409	See added, “This plan allowed for validation of C-130 operations out of a second airfield in Palau, the anchor of the second island chain.
18410	See below for several telltale signs that your tree is dying and needs to be removed right away.
18411	See below tweets containing photos and videos from the protest…
18412	Seeds can be feminized, meaning you can simply put them in soil and start growing.
18413	See how we support these diverse populations at webmdhealthservices.com. WebMD Health Services is a subsidiary of WebMD Health Corp.
18414	Seeing as animal rights are not a big part of the regime's programs, a good number of dog owners expressed their concerns behind Kim's orders as the country treads on increased public discontent.
18415	Seeing her bind together a community is exactly the kind of story Suki should get, and offers more service to a character who too often was relegated to a brief action sequence to justify her presence on the team.
18416	Seeing the video and the show, we do not doubt that.
18417	Seeking answers to prayers “implies mental and spiritual effort — pondering, testing, trying and studying.”
18418	Seems he was always emotionally unavailable as he held onto past hurt like a security blanket for years — which sounds like an excuse for him to not even explore the idea of intimacy or sex.
18419	Seems like a familiar echo about many national leaders around the world.
18420	Seen from this perspective, Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan may perhaps be understood the same way as Narendra Modi’s flagship in the armada of reforms declared in 2014: the Make in India campaign.
18421	See the complete list of 2019 winners.
18422	See the offer from Samsung.
18423	See the only phone I have.
18424	See this is why Cousins will never really be big time.
18425	See works by Dutch Masters, leading Rennaisance figures, and other celebrated European artists alongside a substantial collection from Brazil and the Americas.
18426	Segment ended with Pitt removing his costume and thanking Fauci for his 'calm and your clarity in this unnerving time'
18427	Segment Wealth Management LLC now owns 4,081 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $1,550,000 after buying an additional 95 shares in the last quarter.
18428	Segura did not have an attorney listed, and her family could not be reached for comment.
18429	Sehgal then scored on a fielder’s choice to extend Stanford’s lead up to 7-2.
18430	Sekulow added that the House Intelligence Committee, which Schiff chairs, opted not to subpoena Bolton, fearing it would delay a House impeachment vote into the new year.
18431	“Selected persons will be invited to an all-expense-paid induction course in Calabar in batches and selected persons will then be posted to their areas of interest.
18432	Select sites will offer free tax preparation for eligible residents starting Jan.
18433	"Self-denial is a major problem militating against the fight against breast cancer in the country.
18434	Self-quarantine for at least 7 days immediately prior to arrival.
18435	Selling agent Jarrah Holmes of Century 21 Bayside says the double-brick home, which sits on a 874sqm corner allotment, offers buyers plenty of opportunity.
18436	Selling “box to table” meals.
18437	Sellouts to strong, proud, independent women.
18438	Selma bridge got its name from Confederate general, KKK leaderIt became an iconic site of in the battle for equality, but the Edmund Pettus Bridge is named after a former Confederate general and KKK leader.
18439	Sempra Energy had a net margin of 19.97% and a return on equity of 9.65%.
18440	Senate Majority Leader Juan Miguel Zubiri on Friday said he advised the Philippine Red Cross (PRC) to be a “bit more patient” in waiting for the Philippine Health Insurance Corporation (PhilHealth) to fully settle its debts.
18441	Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced late on Saturday all sides were "very close" to a bipartisan resolution.
18442	Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, right, acknowledged that his relationship with Majority Leader Mitch McConnell “has been a very difficult period.”
18443	Senate President Pro Tem Del Marsh (R-Anniston) praised the ETF budget for allowing educators to begin planning for the future.
18444	Senate Republicans maintain a one-vote majority in the chamber.
18445	Senator Bernie Sanders, who is from the neighbouring state of Vermont, has been leading in the polls in New Hampshire.
18446	Senator Payne said she was confident Australia could negotiate a trade agreement with the UK at the same time as it discussed a separate deal with the EU.
18447	Senators officially wore shoes with four black leather straps wound around the leg up to mid calf and tied in double knots.
18448	Senator Zachary Schimke argued that Proposition 16 will not be able to distinguish between positive preferential treatment and negative discrimination.
18449	Sendejo —— one of the dirtiest players in all of football.
18450	Sending love to Ellen today.'
18451	Send your gardening questions and conundrums, and Charlie will answer them in upcoming episodes.
18452	Senegalâ€™s president on Saturday ordered all schools and universities closed for the next three weeks.
18453	Senior Army officials were perturbed because the freebies likely violated government contract rules—but they wound up putting Palantir on a small contract to solve the problem, effectively paying for the company’s marketing.
18454	Senior Cole Joy, junior Thomas Greely and junior Chris Jimenez will man the catching position.
18455	Senior Conservative lawmaker Charles Walker said, “There has got to be an economy to go back to.
18456	Senior living facilities are on high alert, with the elderly in the high-risk group.
18457	Senior Tory backbencher Sir Bernard Jenkin told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: “It’s an opportunity to reset how the Government operates and to emphasise some values about what we want to project as a Conservative Party in Government.”
18458	Senior was was hot with anger, but he said deep down, he knew it would happen.
18459	Sen. Josh Hawley, a Missouri Republican, told CNN: “It’s a mockery of legislation.”
18460	Sen. Maria Cantwell, a Washington Democrat, merely noted: “He speaks very loudly.”
18461	• Sennheiser PXC 550-ii wireless headphones: save £122.00, now £177.00 (was £299.00).
18462	Senn said he agreed with Holmes and the city did two things really well – festivals and history, and putting the two together would be a great idea.
18463	Sen. Peter Micciche of Soldotna remembered Bell’s dedication to safety and recalled his dedication to a job.
18464	Sensors on board include an accelerometer, ambient light, gyroscope, magnetometer, pedometer, and a proximity sensor.
18465	Sensus Healthcare, Inc. manufactures and markets superficial radiation therapy devices to healthcare providers worldwide.
18466	SENT: 200 words, 25 photos.
18467	SENT: 430 words, photo.
18468	Sentinel (SENT) traded 9.2% lower against the dollar and now trades at $0.0007 or 0.00000008 BTC.
18469	SEO places a crucial role here.
18470	Separately, in a Facebook post, Ms Vadra said, “Bulandshahr, Hapur, Lakhimpur Kheri and now Gorakhpur.
18471	Separately, there's a Status Yellow wind warning in effect for Galway and Mayo from 10am on Thursday until 4pm on Thursday afternoon.
18472	Separately, whip the egg whites in a clean bowl, either by hand or with an electric whisk, until soft peaks form.
18473	Sepsis can develop from infection and can affect anyone, but is more common very young people, people a pre-existing condition, the elderly or those with a weak immune system.
18474	Sept. 1959: Tom Mboya (centre, in dark suit) poses with US-bound Kenyan students who were part of the airlift program.
18475	SEPTA's Trenton & West Trenton lines are running on an enhanced Saturday schedule, according to the agency, which said has seen an 80% reduction in ridership systemwide.
18476	Serbian coach Kosta Papic also took 22 points at the start of the 2004/05 season‚ with a 6-0 success over Ajax Cape Town and a 2-1 victory over Kaizer Chiefs in that run.
18477	Serbia’s Novak Djokovic celebrates with captain Nenad Zimonjic and his team after winning his semi-final singles match.
18478	Sergeant Stegall with the New Hanover County Sheriff’s Office says it was night for their staff to relax and undwind.
18479	Serious collisions were defined as an accident in which 'at least one person is seriously injured'.
18480	Seriously, don't ask.
18481	Serum Institute's phase 3 trial includes people up to 99 years old.
18482	Servance said, “It was a race that I put my heart into.
18483	Serve at once with lots of crusty bread and butter.
18484	Services at the Cleburne County Cares Food Pantry are available with easy drive through pick up.
18485	“Services Australia is in a position where we quite often support the citizens of Australia in times of need and during times of crisis, in such events such as flooding or bushfires etc.
18486	Services could include substance abuse and mental health assessments and treatment linkage, housing assistance, job training and legal advocacy.
18487	Services for Mrs. Pruneau will be at 11 a.m., on Monday, October 26, 2020, at the St. Joseph’s Cemetery.
18488	Services have been entrusted to Zabel Funeral Home of Brownstown.
18489	Services there are only available by appointment only.
18490	Set a strong mood from the start (here, dark and brooding).
18491	Set between the events of Captain America: Civil War and Avengers: Infinity War, Cate Shortland's highly anticipated blockbuster will follow Natasha Romanoff as the goes on a solo mission.
18492	Set both in the present and in the glamorous and yet seedy world of swinging 60s London, it’s co-written with smart new talent Krysty Wilson-Cairns (who also co-scripted 1917 with Sam Mendes).
18493	SETH TUPPER, BYLINE: Governor Noem's devotion to keeping her state open has made her a celebrity in the Republican Party.
18494	Set out a separate plastics recycling container today and start collecting.
18495	SETTING up a Spanish Limited Company is a relatively straightforward process.
18496	Set up a framework for yourself by first picking a time of day and a place to meditate.
18497	"Seven months after the changes were instituted, I can now assure clients and suppliers that the plant is stable and going forward.
18498	Seventeen bodies piled up in the morgue at a New Jersey nursing home.
18499	Seventh in line will be those 60 years of age and over, then those 55 years of age and over and finally all those 50 years of age and over.
18500	Seventy-one young Nigerian girls trafficked to Lebanon and seen in a video that had gone viral where they were crying for help had been rescued and arrived at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, early Monday.
18501	Seventy-seven new coronavirus cases were reported at a care home in Loksa, Harju County, Saturday, the vast majority among residents, ETV news show "Aktuaalne kaamera" (AK) reported Saturday evening.
18502	Seven US states and Puerto Rico reported record high numbers of daily coronavirus-related hospitalisations on Monday.
18503	“Seven years ago I heard about Euro Aqua in Hungary, and have since then, twice a year, made two-week trips to fish this unrivalled carp fishing venue.”
18504	Seven young men standing trial in Penza (Central Russia) on absurd “terror” charges must be immediately released and the charges against them dropped, Amnesty International urged ahead of the verdict on 10 February.
18505	Several activists have been arrested and charged for their involvement in recent rallies, including Tattep.
18506	Several events are scheduled: On Oct. 31, a ‘Park N Praise’ event titled A Halloween Voters Fest will be held at the Midtown Cultural & Educational Center from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m.
18507	Several foothill communities near the Bobcat Fire are under an evacuation warning.
18508	Several high-ranking officials, including a vice minister, deputy health minister and five lawmakers, have tested positive for the coronavirus as the rapid spread of the outbreak forced the government to call on people to stay at home.
18509	Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in MSI.
18510	Several major projects funded by the Bank were completed or under implementation in 2019.
18511	Several of the group’s children are featured on various tracks.
18512	Several of the party's most prominent figures, including the likes of former leader Gerry Adams, Northern leader Michelle O'Neill and finance spokesman Pearse Doherty were all spotted attending the service in Belfast on Tuesday.
18513	Several people were in the roadway when the mother heard gunshots.
18514	Several progressive outside groups actively lobbied for CPC members to reject the $2.2trn CARES Act and a $484bn "interim" bill passed in April, arguing that neither went far enough to advance their agenda.
18515	Several research analysts have issued reports on DHR shares.
18516	Several rounds of meetings and consultations have taken place with final touches and the final nod of RSS for individuals for various posts scheduled over the coming days, said sources.
18517	Several traders told Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity that the boycott is useless as it harms Jordanian merchants who have imported and stored products in their warehouses.
18518	Several videos have been shared on social media of supermarkets being stormed in recent days.
18519	Several well-known Otago locations are featured in a new musical tourism promotion aimed at encouraging Kiwis to explore new parts of the country.
18520	Severance and related costs are included in "Restructuring expense" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
18521	Severe Storms Continue to Move Into Eastern Alabama… All Clear for Central and Western Alabama!
18522	's first coronavirus hospital opened in Huanggang last Tuesday after workers and volunteers had spent just two days converting an empty building to a 1,000-bed facility.
18523	SF Studios will distribute the movie across the Nordic and will be giving it a strong local release in Denmark on Oct. 22.
18524	S. GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in its consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
18525	SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 5,159 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $114,000 after purchasing an additional 1,927 shares in the last quarter.
18526	Sgt. 1st Class Mitsuki Sato, assigned to the Bilateral Coordination Department, Japan Ground Self-Defense Force, said the event was a great opportunity for both groups to get to know each other better.
18527	Shadow foreign secretary Emily Thornberry, with 10 nominations, and Clive Lewis, with just four, appear to be struggling.
18528	Shadow roots are the perfect solution to your post-lockdown hair troubles and involve very little upkeep.
18529	Shahab said it’s too early to say whether it will be safe for even one or two households to get together during the holidays.
18530	Shai McGruder finished with 12 points, and Anderson had 10 for the Lobos.
18531	Shakhtar, the 2009 champion, beat a tired Basel squad 4-1 in the quarterfinals.
18532	Shame on Japan for even attempting to pathetically claim his accusations are baseless.
18533	Shane McMahon has a chat with Dolph Ziggler, asking him to rate Erik’s performance.
18534	SHANGHAI, May 20 (Reuters) - Xiaomi Corp reported a 13.6% rise in first-quarter revenue on Wednesday, beating estimates, as the Chinese smartphone maker sold.
18535	Shannon Ryan has been arrested and charged with kidnapping Cavett’s son and lying to investigators.
18536	Shannon Sharpe on who he's rooting for in Game 7, Russell Westbrook & James Harden or Chris Paul It's Game 7 for the Houston Rockets and the Oklahoma City Thunder.
18537	Shared facets of personality or experience come a long way after our individuality.
18538	Shareholders of record on Wednesday, October 7th will be paid a $0.30 dividend.
18539	Shares hit a post-IPO high of $121.93 but pulled back handily on Friday.
18540	Shares in airlines and travel firms have seen some of the biggest falls.
18541	Shares of DBV TECHNOLOGIE/S (NASDAQ:DBVT) have been given an average rating of “Buy” by the nine analysts that are currently covering the firm, reports.
18542	Share the dish you cooked or the food you enjoyed on social media to connect with your friends and family members.
18543	Share your thoughts: South Africans baffled by bizarre lo…
18544	Sharing her positive outlook on the diagnosis, the 'Trainwreck' star jokes that she has 'maybe had it for years' and asks fans for treatment recommendations.
18545	Sharing other plans, he said a Buddhist museum and a meditation centre would come up at Thotlakonda in Visakhapatnam.
18546	Sharing such health information with FCS will be kept strictly confidential.
18547	Sharks Spotted At 5 Cape Cod BeachesAt least five beaches were shut down because of shark sightings on Cape Cod.
18548	Sharon Benson, age 81 of Sioux Falls, SD, formerly of Rock Rapids, IA passed away Wednesday, July 8, 2020 at Sanford Hospital in Sioux Falls, SD.
18549	Sharon was loving, artistic, intelligent, and selfless, immensely loved her husband; and is survived by their children, Traci Higgins and Scott Higgins; and six grandchildren.
18550	Sharp bettors have taken a side on Thursday’s game between the Giants and Eagles, but the best number is no longer available.
18551	Shatusky soon discovered she was a match for Johnson, and without hesitating, she told him she was ready to be his donor.
18552	Shay, 85, who had been hospitalized in recent weeks, died Friday, April 17, 2020, according to WXPN-FM station manager Roger LaMay.
18553	Shazier posted the most encouraging sign of his recovery to that date with a picture that appeared to show him standing — albeit with support from teammate Ben Roethlisberger.
18554	She acknowledged that she was still working through some things during that time, and now understood that she needs a relationship that starts with friendship and progresses slowly.
18555	She added 10 to 15 yards to her drive, pushing her distance to a range of 220 to 230 yards.
18556	She added that as the hottest queen of Ghana musicians, she will be taking over Nigerian very soon.
18557	She added that he turned the gun on himself before firing it to the ceiling of their home while their daughter was sleeping.
18558	She added that it was not possible to reach consensus on most proposals due to the limitations imposed on this session by exceptional circumstances.
18559	She added that Kelly "needs to go to jail forever.
18560	She added that she noticed blood on the IV and put it into her bag.
18561	She added the charity was looking at what to do next and expected follow-up events.
18562	She added: “The impact of a permanent memorial on future generations is incalculable.
18563	She added: “We’ve always understood that approval of any major sponsorship or other agreements would need approval by councillors.
18564	She admits that she too can be judgmental: “I look at my mother’s collages and sometimes, when she’s not there, I quickly move something.
18565	She agreed to have caulking and snow removal work done.
18566	She agrees to leave and never say anything about what happened to her husband.
18567	She, Alex and a man believed to be Chad Daybell visit the storage locker eight more times in October and once in November.
18568	She also argues employers should take into account the fact that the class of 2020 had to finish their degrees as a trying time.
18569	She also begged fans to excuse the casts’ rusty singing voices.
18570	She also credited the images to Trung Nguyen.
18571	She also explained that Nathaniel saved lives by rescuing those meant to die in the original timeline, which led Mack to point out that Nathaniel took innocent lives in the process.
18572	She also has some less known weird ones.
18573	She also laid into “homewrecker” Walker for romping with her pal Lauryn, also 29.
18574	She also linked up with Brian Boland through a running club in the Phoenix Park, and it was from there that the wheels were put in motion for a possible return to the Roscommon intermediate panel.
18575	She also loved her dogs and handed out treats whenever a neighborhood dog came to visit.
18576	She also love to help people when she can, and even cook them meals!
18577	She also quickly became one of the body’s most visible members; she was part of the “Squad,” a group of first-term women of color challenging the status quo in Congress.
18578	She also recommends the Ministry of Health work with the Seniors Advocate office to establish a Long-Term Care & Assisted Living Resident and Family Council Association.
18579	She also remembered meeting with other Japanese American students for lunch in the center of campus, near Sather Gate.
18580	She also revealed that they went to two farms where they fed goats as well as renting out a boat to go fishing.
18581	She also went back working part time at Georgie’s during the sixties and early seventies.
18582	She also won “Client of the Year” through the same organization for her efforts to meet her personal goals of both business and home ownership, with assistance programs they provided.
18583	She also wore square-shaped sunglasses as she walked alongside Tristan who wore a backwards cap with black Nike shorts and a black tee featuring his sports agency’s logo.
18584	She and Biden are said to have a warm relationship, though they disagreed over how to deal with tumult in places like Egypt and Libya when Biden was vice president.
18585	She and Dauriac share a daughter named Rose, who was born in 2014.
18586	She and Derek were celebrating their 17th wedding anniversary, and living in Basingstoke, Hampshire, where Derek, an accountant, had a good management job working for Motorola.
18587	She and I meet in Penzance.
18588	She and Kate fight, until Kate exposes her to UV light and severely burns her.
18589	She apparently admitted to the deputy that it was her daughter's urine and she was trying to avoid a positive test.
18590	She appeared in shows like It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce.
18591	She asked why there are no tweets from the ‘tweet friendly leaders’.
18592	She assisted the boys in their journey after fleeing from Winterfell before she was killed by Ramsay Bolton in season 6. Tena then joined the franchise by appearing in an episode of in the role of Xi'an.
18593	She attributed her own symptoms — scratchy throat and mild headache among them — to allergies, but they worsened for a bit.
18594	She begs not to go to school and has started turning down academic extras that last year she would have jumped at.
18595	“She believed in the common good and she believed in a progressive government” and society.
18596	She believes the team and families deserve an apology.
18597	She called masking “critical,” but said it’s just one of the measures necessary to prevent the spread of the pandemic.
18598	She called the fans low-rent bottom-feeding losers.
18599	She called the store's customer service department and was told there were not enough drivers to run the service.
18600	She came out of it stronger than ever.
18601	She can be seen in the middle with Fubuki's tight dress on.
18602	She captioned the video, “Four days ago this space was empty but today it’s home sweet home.
18603	She carried Josie and the Pussycats is an amazing movie.
18604	She christened it with a gift from Judge Don R. Willett, a fellow Trump appointee to another federal appeals court with a history of reveling in his uncompromising conservatism.
18605	She cited Puuhonua o Waianae, the homeless community that privately fundraised enough to plan a move to a new location mauka of its longtime spot at the Waianae boat harbor.
18606	She claimed: 'The UK has experienced a 4,400 per cent increase in girls being referred for transitioning treatment.
18607	She combed through EBay for out-of-print research books on ocean dumping and flipped through rolls of microfilm in the archive rooms of court buildings and government agencies.
18608	She completed her look with a pink flower in her hair and sunglasses.
18609	She continually keeps up with the fans on social media and “live-tweets” the episodes weekly.
18610	She continued: ‘And it’s nothing for y’all to go and make fake stories about.
18611	She continued: “Even though it’s been a hit.
18612	She continued fighting against the First Order, but only appeared in brief cameos, which had little impact on the story.
18613	She continued: ‘Its terrifying at the time but empowering to know how to save a life.’
18614	She continues to do more poses including a headstand split in her routine.
18615	“She could get some secondary second-level brands that may be one of monetize off of her social media following.
18616	She could then engage with him and do something to help him out.
18617	She criticized the CAQ's Bill 44 on climate change, which promotes more electric transport.
18618	She currently serves as the Vice President of the Hollywood Radio and TV Society (HRTS) board and is a member of the Television Academy Executive Committee.
18619	She decided to gather signatures and not to also seek the convention route to the ballot because she felt a “Trump-skeptic candidate had little chance of qualifying for the primary through a Republican convention.”
18620	She described him as a “ne**” and warned him to stay off clear her path.
18621	She describes gulping down three of Bowen’s novels at a young age, thrilling to the mystery and melodrama of her stories but only just sensing that “something profound was being alluded to” in the Anglo-Irish novelist’s prose.
18622	She did her own fire token brokering, offering her the idol that she bought from the Edge of Extinction.
18623	She did not have much choice – the coronavirus pandemic had closed schools, and there was no one else to take care of her son.
18624	She did this interview where she said, "Well, if you're dissatisfied with your school, go volunteer.
18625	She does not move.
18626	She doesn’t think Orm is fit to rule all seven underwater kingdoms, but she never outright challenges him herself.
18627	She donates blood," the 9-year-old bragged.
18628	She doubted the immigration situation would have changed by then.
18629	She'd say that if I wanted new sneakers, I would need to earn them.
18630	Sheehan, who had never used ayahuasca before, was to be guided by a shaman in four ceremonies a week, along with other visitors to the center.
18631	She encourages anyone who wants to support their teacher grant program to make a donation.
18632	She ended her post with an assurance that her one-year-old "is home and is recovering beautifully."
18633	She ended the post by saying, “Anyhow,stay home people!
18634	She ended up running into the side of the car and it knocked her out cold for a minute!
18635	She entered the party to a round of “Happy Birthday” and still mustered the strength at 87 to blow out all the candles on the birthday cake.
18636	Sheet metal workers “do not work on board trains or interact daily with customers,” he added.
18637	Sheets Smith Wealth Management lifted its holdings in shares of Medpace by 4.7% during the 1st quarter.
18638	She explained that fire call was received at about 1245hrs to 16-22 Ladipo Street, Mushin, where some shops were burning and immediately deployed three fire engines from Isolo, Bolade and Alausa Fire Stations to curtail the inferno.
18639	She expressed that she really enjoyed the beautiful surroundings and the Georgetown area in general.
18640	She faced her back toward the camera, arching her back and popping out her booty.
18641	She faces Republican challenger Vincent Parlatore.
18642	She finished 23rd in the 60 meter sprints.
18643	She flaunted her fantastic figure in a long-sleeved backless white mini dress.
18644	She further continued, “I could go into something, and it’ll be one thing, and then it comes out as a totally different thing.
18645	She further said that the good thing about the technology was that it could be flexible to meet the needs of health authorities in managing the contacts of exposed individuals.
18646	She gave him her phone number and soon afterwards he called.
18647	She gets to fire us.
18648	She goes to a small private piano academy in a country village and meets a mysterious gruff guy named Sunwoo Jun (played by Lee Jae Wook).
18649	She got the gist of it from her husband’s half of the conversation: They were being shut down.
18650	She got the job!
18651	She grabbed him in his private parts and refused to let go," Burge, Sr. said.
18652	She grabbed the locks as they fell behind her back.
18653	She had a few glasses of wine.
18654	She had a temperature of 38C on the day of the first vaccine injection, and this dropped to 37C a day later, he said.
18655	She had earlier tested positive for novel coronavirus,” Kumar told PTI.
18656	She had her flaws, but she was honest.
18657	She had never been a great correspondent and this missive filled me with unease.
18658	She had never touched the song before except in her dressing room, singing along as a co-star performed it onstage.
18659	She had never won first-up but is a more focussed mare in her fifth preparation.
18660	"She had people calling her at all hours of the night.
18661	She had so much courage.
18662	She had very little money to survive, and had to rent a cockroach-infested room with no windows; kind neighbours gave her food.
18663	She has also signed with Akshay Kumar and has a lot other movies including with Sidharth Malhotra in her kitty.
18664	She has a really good eye for detail.
18665	She has garnered support from many people who see the rules as a human rights violation, while others feel she has an unfair natural advantage that does not produce a level playing field.
18666	‘She has gone through cancer a couple of times and she still gets on the bike, and I’m so in awe of her and how strong she is.
18667	She has had warrants issued for her arrest stateside and her life threatened because of it.
18668	She has her own problems with her back and her backbone, while her husband of 21 years, David, has stage 4 cancer.
18669	She has learned, for instance, that her edibles need to “not be too tasty.”
18670	She has made appearances in the recent anime series of Boruto: Naruto Next Generations, still acting as a high ranking ninja within Konoha though her spot as Hokage was taken by Konoha as the sixth and then Naruto himself as the seventh!
18671	She has managed to combine both worlds and in the past year, featured in some internationally recognised grossing movies such as Lions Heart and New Money.
18672	She has shared a screen shot of fake account, which has over 36,000 followers and runs a YouTube channel to shared adult videos.
18673	She has the capacity to become the next Melanie Leupolz, or indeed, Sara Däbritz.
18674	She hopes the election results will lead to a containment of the COVID-19 pandemic.
18675	Shehu and Shifflett received the inaugural Joseph M. and Jane A. Crockett Awards.
18676	She implored them to come to her office "and get the job done."
18677	She interacts well with other dogs and small children.
18678	She is a 2007 graduate of the Police Management Institute at Columbia University, and a June 2012 graduate of the Harvard Kennedy School Executive Education.
18679	She is a big fan of nostalgia - gingham is a recurring theme in her work, conjuring up 1950s and '60s domesticity in America.
18680	She is also bracing for new restrictions on retailers from the recent spike in coronavirus cases, which would hurt sales and make it impossible to pay her vendors.
18681	She is also working on a film project about how Chinatown restaurants in San Francisco, Sacramento and Los Angeles started booking punk rock bands in the 1970s and ’80s to bring in additional business.
18682	She is an active member of the San Francisco Private Equity Network, with which she organizes targeted events with female investment professionals, including women lawyers.
18683	She is annoyed he didn’t follow up on any of her concerns.
18684	She is a passionate world traveler and foodie, and she enjoys the challenge of covering everything from double Dutch tournaments in Roxbury to presidential elections in Venezuela.
18685	She is a standout member of the Claflin University Women's Track and Field Program and participates in numerous campus committees and organizations including the Student-Athlete Advisory Committee, A. Bevy Collegiate Group and the Honors Council.
18686	She is a survivor.
18687	She is a true hero; a true humanitarian; the first woman to be a director of a hospital in Syria; and a true inspiration.
18688	She is a very loving and laid-back cat who wants nothing more than to be petted, watch birds out the window and give herself a nice long bath.
18689	She is being hospitalised, he said.
18690	She is getting stronger, but still has a dry cough which could last months.
18691	She is going to be a force in Chicago!
18692	She is known for appearing in the films Amazing Grace, Atonement, and Glorious 39.
18693	She is most impressed that the new partnerships among agencies that have never worked together before.
18694	She is not only one of the greatest waterbenders, she is also fierce and smart.
18695	She is playing a character called Sita and she is also very excited to be part of the project.”
18696	She is putting her Masters degree in Dietetics from UKZN to good use, creating simple but flavourful dishes that are inclusive of many different food tastes and dietary requirements.
18697	She is remembered as a caring, loyal and loving wife, mother, grandmother and friend.
18698	She is responsible for giving them their food and tablets and checking their vitals, among other duties.
18699	She is survived by the families of her two daughters Vicki L. (Michael) Schmidt of Topeka, Kansas and Debbie E. (Kenneth) Mishler of Lawrence, Kansas.
18700	She is very strong-willed and independent, though this trait often comes out by being unfaithful to her husband.
18701	She joined ABC 7 Chicago Saturday morning to discuss an ongoing partnership between the tgin Foundation and Lyft.
18702	She joined the old Hertfordshire Hunt in the Fifties.
18703	She later added, “The Hmong community is a big small community.
18704	She later changed careers and began working for Norwood Federal Bank as a Customer Service Representative.
18705	She later reflected that she the reality of birth was very different from what she had anticipated.
18706	She laughs as she shows us the orange boxing gloves she was given by MLA-elect Selina Robinson for taking up boxing, to help combat the symptoms of Parkinson’s disease.
18707	She left Hague’s team in 2000 to work for the PR firm Weber Shandwick, followed by a stint at the drinks giant Diageo.
18708	She lived in an age when the only things one could see when one looked up were the sun, the moon and the stars.
18709	She lived in conditions of deliberate deprivation, with inadequate food and heating.”
18710	She’ll be back any minute.
18711	She’ll express remorse over her betrayal and realize she should’ve communicated with Tessa.
18712	Shelling of Tripoli's airport hit fuel tanks and damaged passenger planes after forces loyal to Libya's renegade military commander Khalifa Haftar fired a barrage of rockets into Tripoli.
18713	's "Hell of a View" is a love song for rebels.
18714	'She looks more like his sister!'
18715	She loved her 80’s music and often reminisced about her days of “cruising” Christiansburg in her blue trans am from Hardees to Hardees.
18716	She loves bacon.
18717	Shelton and Stefani started dating soon after both went through high-profile divorces in 2015.
18718	Shelton Benjamin vs. R-Truth vs. Akira Tozawa in a Triple Threat for the WWE 24/7 Championship: Why does this title still exist?
18719	She made a public apology saying she had been unaware of Foster's criminal background and blaming the pressures of trying to protect her family for the 'misunderstanding'.
18720	She made her runway debut at the Givenchy Spring/Summer 2014 show, where she had the honor of opening the show at only 16 years old.
18721	She made it Instagram official, sharing a photo of the couple along with a heart emoji.
18722	She managed to get all of them done and more.
18723	She married a bank manager, Patrick, whom she met on holiday in Torquay, in 1951.
18724	She met the woman in T. Nagar and went with her to the hotel.
18725	She might have done well on the MTV reality competition show the second time around.
18726	“She needs to be in theatre as soon as we have this baby out.
18727	She never wavered in her unlimited love and support for her children in particular,” Harris added.
18728	She noted that since the endorsement, Nigeria had shown a commitment to ensuring schools were kept safe and protected for children to be able to receive education in them.
18729	She noted that the task force listened to recommendations from the Disability and Neurodiversity Alliance (DNA) and the SFSS Accessibility Committee.
18730	She notes that many CIVMARS are older — often veterans or retired military — in their 40s, 50s and early 60s.
18731	She often returns to visit her father at Althorp.
18732	She opposed last month's confirmation of Justice Amy Coney Barrett, agreeing with Democrats that whoever won the presidential election should get to choose Ruth Bader Ginsburg's successor.
18733	She opted for her classic sleek hair bun look that she always does and looked like a bomb.
18734	She owns the fashion and swimwear line, While the company mostly to makeup, athleisure, and jewellery.
18735	Shepard may choose whether to openly advocate for war or not.
18736	Shepherd said that although statistics show Alberta is spending more per capita on health care than comparable provinces, the current government has chosen to “spin” the context of those figures.
18737	“She picked up the COVID virus at a small family gathering for Thanksgiving,” Nenshi said.
18738	She posed facing the camera and slightly angled to one side, which exposed a tempting amount of one of her breasts beneath the lapel of her jacket.
18739	She posted a picture of the man on her post.
18740	She praised the fire department, who also helped shovel when they arrived.
18741	She previously was a reporter and fill-in anchor at ABC.
18742	“She protected my womb.”
18743	She pulled away again, this time putting distance between them.
18744	She ran to Dolly during the seizure, but backed away immediately.
18745	She really wanted to be a witness and celebrate in a different way than officiating their wedding.
18746	She recommends asking yourself how you were able to balance your attention, and whether you can do that again—with or without help, if you can afford it.
18747	She recounted one incident where she claimed Epstein's lawyer, Harvard professor Alan Dershowitz, walked in on her and the late paedophile billionaire after sex.
18748	She refers to this as “sampling bias”.
18749	She remembers her parents taking an after-work ikebana class in the 1980s; her godmother, who is from Japan, would show her around Little Tokyo, where they would catch a kabuki show and eat shabu-shabu.
18750	She removed the sunglasses for a brief moment before putting them back on to block out the harsh late-day sun.
18751	She replied “yes” and said she had studied it in graduate school.
18752	She represented Oregon in the Miss American pageant in September 1963.
18753	Sheriff David Beth of Kenosha County, in an interview on Monday, was critical of the police officers who had thanked the militia members.
18754	Sheriff William Summers said Baxter, whose address was given in court papers as Cruden Crescent, Aberdeen, had a “raft of previous convictions”, but also noted that the clothes had been fully recovered.
18755	She said adapting to remote learning while in lockdown had been challenging as the course was quite comprehensive.
18756	She said: "As our climate changes, hot spells are expected to be more frequent and more intense.
18757	She said, 'Dan I can't do what you do, she doesn't want to do my stuff.'
18758	She said, “Decide.
18759	She said DPP would announce in a fortnight the direction it wanted to take, including the possibility of an early convention.
18760	She said 'I have no idea why he would want to get involved in this.'
18761	She said: 'I often have to climb under the trains.
18762	She said: “I think it’s been very exciting.
18763	She said: ‘It was absolutely horrendous.
18764	She said it was her first time to do a miniseries that will only run for five days, but what will grab audience’s attention is the twist.
18765	“She said it was worth it if it helped me go through mine.”
18766	She said: 'I was in shock at first, then I couldn't stop crying.
18767	She said Myanmar and its security forces must abide by the International Court of Justice’s provisional measures and its own presidential directive to respect the Genocide Convention.
18768	She said NSW was not in a position to increase its quarantine capacity above 3000 a week, so other states should "lift their game" and quarantine more Australians returning from overseas.
18769	She said one woman called her scared for her life because she was locked down with her abusive, alcoholic husband who was going through withdrawal symptoms.
18770	She said racist and sexist comments were hurled at her from Day 1. She recalls that during her rookie night celebration, several officers told her to take her shirt off and "start singing."
18771	She said residents have been informed of the situation but says this should have happened sooner.
18772	She said she represents unbridled power, and at the end of the day she’s the queen bee in this hive.
18773	She said she’s not being mean, she’s citing facts.
18774	She said, “So, yeah, I have to speak to Sanju Dutt.
18775	She said staff have responded by phone and email to any questions that students submitted.
18776	She said that if cats were to be removed from the El Camino campus, we would see history repeat itself in regard to having a rodent infestation.
18777	She said that the Georgia race is still "a toss-up", with ballots expected to be reported "pretty soon" today.
18778	She said that the global market for foreign direct investment was highly competitive and Nigeria was not where it should be.
18779	She said that the incident in Barrouallie “showed lack of respect to the registration process”, adding that Exeter disrupted the process twice, resulting in it ending prematurely and persons being denied their right to register or re-register on that day.
18780	She said that while signature matches provide some security for mail-in ballots, the process should be shored up.
18781	She said the baby’s father was shot in the legs and couldn’t walk for a long time.
18782	She said the case against Weinstein amounted to “regret renamed as rape,” arguing that the women exercised their free will to try to further their careers.
18783	She said the colder season brings an influx of people to shelters, sometimes from communities outside the city.
18784	She said the decision was based on "unfounded and false claims by people with clearly questionable motives" that she was disloyal to and undermining Trump.
18785	She said the definition of what constitutes an essential or critical pharmacy was flawed.
18786	She said the doors were malfunctioning.
18787	She said the organisations should work in collaboration with the appropriate agencies of the Sokoto State Government in providing the much-needed relief to survivors of the attacks.
18788	She said the party faces challenges emanating from the prevailing domestic economic conditions.
18789	She said the post-adoptive work is a way for the agency to show that it is still committed to the work that it began 75 years ago.
18790	She said there had been big changes to comply with social distancing rules, so seating has been spaced out.
18791	She said the videos are very old and look like they could have been made in the ’90s.
18792	She said, they are not just subjects, but an integral part of her life.
18793	She said this was one of New Zealand’s darkest days.
18794	She said: “We made little envelopes for the children to write a note to the forest folk and they can put that in the garden postbox.
18795	She said :”with UBA Agency banking, they are able to leverage on platform to reach out to people in the remote areas”.
18796	She’s also an American Airmen who wanted to continue serving in her local community.
18797	She’s also calling for more safe places where battered women can seek refuge.
18798	She’s a true unsung hero, working passionately to ensure that everything in the program is held to the highest possible standards.
18799	“She’s at the very top of the list, and understandably so.”
18800	She says she’ll upload plans for making one of your own soon.
18801	She says the feeling is similar to how it feels when you are about to faint.
18802	She says the key to keeping illness out is keeping sick people out.
18803	She says there are significant costs associated with home-based palliative care.
18804	She says the store employees are appreciative of support they have received from shoppers and they wanted to do something for the community.
18805	She says this was unlawful conduct short-circuiting the constitutional and statutory provisions for filing complaints against a judge.
18806	She’s been doing it professionally for years.
18807	SHE’S BEST remembered for playing Craggy Island’s tea-loving, devoutly Catholic housekeeper to Ted Crilly on Father Ted.
18808	She’s bred to swim in freezing water and retrieve dead ducks.
18809	She’s currently finishing up a master’s degree in health care administration from Des Moines University.
18810	She’s currently putting together her guest list (I heard this through the grapevine) and is not planning on inviting my childhood best friend, “Greta.”
18811	She’s decided to bide her time and move back to her family home in a St. Paul suburb.
18812	She’s done dating “damaged people … You can be nice but not boring.”
18813	She’s easy to talk to because she’s bright and optimistic, and she really lifted my spirits.
18814	She shared a throwback picture and asked fans to guess the film’s name.
18815	She shared her cheap tip to Facebook group Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips, where it’s racked up more than 2,000 likes.
18816	She shared photos from the celebration, where she happily posed with her birthday cakes and balloons.
18817	She's heading up the new network of physicians and researchers that is examining maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women who fell ill with COVID-19.
18818	She shot video of her day-to-day life for the piece.
18819	She signed pro in 2017 and a year later her debut went No.1 in the download charts – an album that underpins the collection of songs that have accompanied her on the road whilst gigging up and down the country.
18820	She’s letting the internet trolls get to her.
18821	She slowly slid her body down and thrust her derriere up.
18822	“She’s not very talkative, but she had a distinctive laugh,” Neth said.
18823	She’s not your typical high school student.
18824	She soaks in the tub, but then her future phone starts to ring.
18825	She’s often spotted rocking racy outfits such as tiny bathing suits, sexy lingerie, and tight tops.
18826	"She's one of the greatest minds ever to grace our agency or our country," then NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said when Johnson was presented the presidential medal.
18827	She spent less than a year with the Mets, having accepted a job with the organization back in March 2019.
18828	She’s putting more things in her basket.”
18829	She’s referring to a self-portrait she recently completed, now displayed at an entrance to Southgate Mall.
18830	She’s since worked to reopen the County Clerk and DMV offices, to provide computer terminals at the clerk’s office that people can use for many DMV transactions, and to resume monthly Saturday hours for passports and pistol permits.
18831	She’s single and works full time, but her shipping-and-receiving job pays minimum wage.
18832	She’s started to modify some assignments for individual students and post them online, but that doesn’t come close to the amount of support they normally receive with schoolwork.
18833	She's suing him for saying she lied.
18834	She started 42 of the 43 games that she appeared in last season.
18835	She started a photography business in 2014.
18836	She started her own podcast, “With Special Guest Lauren Lapkus” — each episode featured a fake show hosted by improv friends on which Lapkus was the guest.
18837	She started mid-career as I was starting young.
18838	She stayed that evening to sanitize the showers available at the facility, and keeping them open to truckers.
18839	She’s the best part of the show!
18840	She's the spokesperson for a group those clubs formed called the National Independent Venue Association, or NIVA.
18841	She still has some problems with her concentration and memory - she is due a neurological check up in the new year - and the virus has affected her knee joints.
18842	She stood in front of a brown bookshelf and a large painting of an old ship.
18843	She stressed, "We never moved in or…like, no, I wasn't gonna marry him.
18844	She struggled in broad swaths of the city of Los Angeles, and netted less than 40% in areas as diverse as East Los Angeles, South Gate, Santa Monica, and Glendale.
18845	She styled her hair in multiple, tight braids that started at her hairline, and she let two of the braids lay across her decolletage, drawing even more attention to her ample bust.
18846	She sustained stab wounds to her neck during the assault, police previously told to CP24.
18847	She’s very big on them sticking to a set schedule,” our source said.
18848	"She's what folks in the 17th century used to call 'a dynamite act'," McKay said of Lawrence in a statement.
18849	She switched to the more conservative 14th District after Republican Rep. announced that he wasn’t seeking reelection.
18850	She takes fans on a journey through her mind and her experiences with mania as a result of her bipolar disorder.
18851	She teamed the number with matching thong bottoms that provided minimal coverage as they flaunted her pert booty and curvy hips.
18852	She tells us career-oriented hard-working women have to eat candies alone on Valentine's day.
18853	She that "absentee voting" means "you're absent from the jurisdiction or unable to vote in person."
18854	She then uses her new weapons to fight off the remaining Imperials and evacuate Raada.
18855	She told him that he didn't have to worry since they had nothing on him.
18856	She tried to explain that Teresa did not expect the hair pull to be as brutal as it was.
18857	She turns on the gas stove, the fan, the radio, and the TV.
18858	She tweeted: “A few days ago, we announced that the test-run for the new coaches on the completed Itakpe-Warri route, would begin soon.
18859	“She typified what a teacher should be: patient, fair, empathetic, consistent and firm.
18860	She urged anyone suffering from coronavirus symptoms to report to the health department.
18861	She urged villagers to inform leaders whenever they receive visitors.
18862	She used black paint and a large paint roller to do so.
18863	She used Confederate General Robert E. Lee's post-war absolution as an example.
18864	She wants us to do Annie Lennox on the karaoke?
18865	She was 78. https://t.
18866	She was a hard-working woman who loved her family, home and church.
18867	She was also a member of the Illinois CPA Society and Monday Conversation Club.
18868	She was also asked about her favorite thing at Wooster,.
18869	She was also known for integrating culturally significant materials discovered during her travels, such as shells and fabrics, into her projects and she used pieces like her 1979 series Portraits of Cambodia to raise awareness of societal issues.
18870	She was also the deputy head girl in her matric year.
18871	She was a member of a singing group called the “Sun Bonnets”, and, sang on WRVA Radio.
18872	She was a member of New Life Baptist Church.
18873	She was a member of St. Mary’s Catholic Church, Leipsic and their Catholic Ladies of Columbia.
18874	She was among the top leaders who was respected globally and locally," said Mkhize.
18875	She was arraigned and committed to the Delores J. Baylor Women’s Correctional Institution on $24,000 secured bond.
18876	She was a slight, comely little woman, with keen, earnest, dark eyes.
18877	She was barefoot and used a camera as a prop.
18878	She was born six weeks premature, weighed four pounds (about 1.8 kilos) and had jaundice, so she had to go into an incubator.
18879	She was charged with assaulting her model boyfriend Lewis Burton, 27.
18880	She was coy during the election campaign about her stance on recreational cannabis, although the 40-year-old did admit to smoking marijuana "a long time ago".
18881	She was crowned Miss Monroe County Teen at about the same time she was interning at some local radio and TV stations, including WXXI.
18882	She was firm in what she desired out of her own work, which translates into the album's fleshed-out sound.
18883	She was found half-naked in the pool of her own blood where she also served as a member of the church choir.
18884	She was hitting below the belt.
18885	She was not agreeing or disagreeing with the statements offered.
18886	She was particularly moved by the Rocky Mountain National Park and Grand Canyon, God’s perfect example of him creating everything including every person on earth!
18887	She was placed in a medically-induced coma, but never woke up, and died in July 2015, aged 22.
18888	She was preceded in death by her husband Peter in 2001, brother Peter in 2000, six brothers-in-law and six sisters-in-law.
18889	She was preceded in death by her parents; husband; two sons, Rob and Ed Sneller, and three brothers, Harold, Donald and twin brother, Stan.
18890	She was pretty, popular, incredibly rich and she loved making everyone else feel like trash.
18891	She was proud of her beautiful peony, lilac and forsythia bushes that bloomed every year.
18892	She was really sick and, well, looked like a devil.
18893	She was selected for a 2015-16 Rosalynn Carter Fellowship for Mental Health Journalism.
18894	She was shaking her withered bu legs which made my whopper bulge the more.
18895	She was similarly passed over for her lead role in 1998's "Selena."
18896	She was supposed to perform at the event in 2019, but plans fell through after producers declined to allow her to perform her new hit at the time, “7 Rings.”
18897	She was the office manager for Dr. Niles and Cochran.
18898	She was the only Mystic to make multiple 3-pointers, making 3 of 7 attempts.
18899	She was the psychologist for the England men’s football squad during their 2018 World Cup run, and is widely credited with fostering their positive mental approach during the tournament.
18900	She was the widow of John Schaer, a World War II veteran, who died Jan.
18901	She was told by her bosses to rein Villanelle in and stop her obsession with Eve.
18902	She was walking home when the attack happened.
18903	She went on: ‘After 24 hours of unmedicated active labour and 2.5 hours of transition our midwife saved your life by resuscitation, you truly are our miracle and I will be grateful every single day for you.
18904	She went on: “It’s this weird place where we’re doing the same thing every day as the world around us moves faster and faster and faster, and that is just exhausting.”
18905	She went on to say Adam's mother Donna "oversteps boundaries" and "tries to coerce" a relationship between Adam and Aubree.
18906	She whispered that somebody got infected and had died in a building nearby.
18907	She will also require her customers to wear coverings (they can pull them down while they eat) and wait in the car to be seated.
18908	She will be handling scheduling the rest of these appointments.
18909	She will be happier if given the chance to fight men.
18910	She will be speaking at the event, while The Handmaid’s Tale author Atwood lent her support via video message.
18911	She wondered whether it is always worth pursuing answers and solutions at all costs.
18912	She wore dark eyeliner and mascara that set off her blue eyes, and a medium-pink-colored lipstick accented her full lips.
18913	She worked for the former Admirals/Maytag and the former Protexall both of Galesburg, Illinois.
18914	She works to end the stigma of mental health.
18915	She would always want me to sing it, and asked the kiddos to sing it,” Holly Williams said.
18916	She would be playing softball and running for the spring track team had school not been interrupted.
18917	She wrote about it online.
18918	She wrote: “So usually I’m the one asking for help and tips, but today I thought I’d share this little diamond!
18919	Shia LaBeouf & Margaret Qualley Go N*de For Rainsford’s Love Me.
18920	SHIFT also had over 15 speakers speaking at the event, many of whom held prominent leadership positions in their own businesses as founders, owners, directors and more.
18921	Shigeyoshi Tozawa has a lacquer begging bowl with a few coins, three tiny, solar-powered toy figures with bobbing heads bought at a ¥100 store, and various bags filled with blankets, clothes and other items, including his poems.
18922	Shilanski & Associates Inc. acquired a new stake in BRF in the fourth quarter valued at approximately $110,000.
18923	Shimoyamada came out publicly last year while playing professionally in Germany for SV Meppen.
18924	Shipbuilding began to favor aluminum superstructures on top of steel hulls as a weight-saving measure, but the British experience revealed that aluminum was significantly less resistant to fire and other battle-related damage than an all-steel design.
18925	Shipping analysts say ports across the world are battling to manage the surging demand for imports, and Felixstowe has struggled to cope.
18926	Ships — including the Ruby Princess — are required to self-report re illness on board.
18927	Shirtless man deliberately coughs on NSW supermarket worker in 'disgusting act'
18928	Shit so sorry to hear this.
18929	Shkreli was found guilty on three of the eight counts involving securities fraud and conspiracy to commit securities and wire fraud.
18930	“Shomrim, remember you’re roots.
18931	Shop now before they sell out and enjoy free shipping on domestic orders over $75.
18932	Shop our favorite ugly Christmas masks ahead.
18933	Shopping is now a chore and I’d rather treat myself in other ways, such as spending more on food or wine.
18934	Shops can reopen at 25% capacity.
18935	Shops in New York, Boston, New Jersey and Oregon remain open and all U.S. customers can continue to shop online.
18936	Shop your wardrobe, kids.
18937	Shortages of Clorox wipes are well-publicized and remain ongoing.
18938	Shorter Women’s basketball: Christian Brothers 96, Shorter 72. Saturday vs. Union.
18939	“Shortly after they crossed the Blue Line, we engaged and were able to thwart the attack,” said Lt. Col. Jonathan Conricus, a spokesman for the Israeli military.
18940	Shortly before 11 a.m., Daniels was ready to start his route.
18941	Shortly before the polls opened at 6 a.m. Tuesday, around 50 people lined up outside Valparaiso High School in the slowly growing daylight, bundled up against the morning chill, biding their time looking at their cellphones and sipping out of travel mugs.
18942	Shots on goal after the second were 37-17 in Winnipeg’s favour.
18943	Should any other line be added to the bottled soda, it is probably that the company will bottle a mineral water, of which there are one or two valuable springs on the Island.
18944	Should Barnier virtually walk out on the negotiations, it would present the most dangerous moment yet for the troubled talks, with just 36 days to go before the end of the transition period.
18945	Should be great games all around.
18946	Should golf courses be allowed to open during the coronavirus-related restrictions?
18947	Should have had another assist on the Jujhar Khaira whiff with the net gaping on a 3 period PK.
18948	Should I admit that my uncharitable side is looking forward to the predicted spring price rise?
18949	Should I disinfect my home-delivery shopping?
18950	Should it be deemed necessary to temporarily cancel face-to-face lectures and opt for online teaching and learning, where possible, this will be communicated by the end of the day tomorrow, Sunday 15 March 2020," she said.
18951	Should President Trump lose in the 2020 election, don’t expect him to concede defeat — it is simply not in his DNA to do so.
18952	Should PWCS not provide a contingency plan for that, “Our students will be at an even greater disadvantage,” Lateef said.
18953	Should the legal environment improve in 2020, APHA stock should be well-positioned to grow, with an availability of liquid cash and relatively little debt.
18954	Should you adopt a pet during the COVID-19 pandemic?
18955	Should you buy a gaming headset during Black Friday?
18956	Shoureshi responded that he held the patent on the technology and his intent was to “generate new intellectual property at PSU after the prototype was complete.”
18957	Showers and storms to our west this morning becoming more concentrated locally in the afternoon and a couple of storms could be strong so be weather aware.
18958	Shred paper-based records properly and electronically wipe storage media or digital devices, including backup data, to ensure that stored information is beyond recovery.
18959	Shubhangi Atre has been in the limelight ever since she replaced Shilpa Shinde as Angoori Bhabhi in popular comedy serial Bhabiji Ghar Par Hain!
18960	‘Shut Up And Go To Sleep’ – Nnamdi Kanu Tells Those Criticising.
18961	Sichuan Moon by Andre Chiang earned the Restaurant of the Year title with an impressive 99.22 percent score.
18962	Sid And I Are No Longer Together’
18963	Side note: does anyone remember when the Yukon cops all got in big trouble because they were harassing that young female convenience store worker and receiving forced sexual favors, I.e. rape?
18964	Side tasks and quests can, at times, feel samey - even regularly taking place in the same buildings - but the story throws all manner of different play styles and puzzle elements at you.
18965	Sidney is a senior at Saint Bernard’s High School.
18966	Signed photograph of Salk in his laboratory.
18967	Signs are seen in front of the U.S. Capitol during the protest.
18968	Signs were posted announcing that anyone coming from Hubei would be sent to a hotel for 14 days of quarantine.
18969	Silliman said that tools to help parents find that balance are everywhere.
18970	Silverfish and webbing clothes moths are the most problematic, the National Trust reveals.
18971	Silver said he thinks there was only one time he actually laughed while on camera and that was when Trent’s mom went to throw papers at Silver, but missed and had to do it again.
18972	SIMBA and Namungo FC would be representing the country in the continental soccer clubs tournaments set to kick off in November this year.
18973	Simba Apparel team manager Collins Omondi Otieno said following the conclusion of successful negotiations, the coach has sealed a "lucrative" two-year deal with the Changamwe-based club.
18974	Similar arguments were witnessed at many polling stations in different wards of the city.
18975	Similar figures were recorded for June and August, however.
18976	Similarly, 75 officials from law enforcement agencies, correctional services officials and judges from each state will be interviewed, ”Bajpai said.
18977	Similarly, Edelweiss Securities’ Economist Madhavi Arora said: “Amid still-evolving cases of coronavirus, the demand for safety masks is going to increase.
18978	Similarly, groups of loons or mergansers working an area spell bait fish.
18979	Similarly, Nikola doesn’t actually intend to manufacture the Badger pickup itself either.
18980	Similarly, predicts that school-closure-related regression in educational attainment will be greatest in low-income, Black and Hispanic communities, with such communities suffering more than a year loss in education.
18981	Similarly, the elevated U-turn will reduce traffic on National Highway 48 as vehicles coming from the direction of DLF Cyber Hub and taking a U-turn towards Delhi will no longer have to use the highway.
18982	Similarly, the Somalia government issued a the same day saying the strike “killed one Al-Shabaab militant.”
18983	“Similarly, they attack mosques and Muslims in order to issue the threat: radicalise, or become targets yourselves.”
18984	Similarly you generally want to match the richness of the food and the richness of the wine.
18985	Similar measures also apply to stayover visitors.”
18986	Similar to a political party.
18987	Similar to previous Marquette teams with Markus Howard, the Golden Eagles can score in bunches and rely on the senior guard taking a lot of shots.
18988	Similar to the Assay Genie test, results from the Oxford test can be seen with the naked eye.
18989	Simonds was ordered to reside at a residential correctional facility for 180 days or until maximum benefits are achieves.
18990	"Simone's instructions were brief - it was all about life and loss, creation, and it’s destruction both in the human experience and the sea," Quashie says.
18991	Simon Power in action for Ross County.
18992	Simons made his first $100,000 donation to FMS back in 2018.
18993	Simon Westaway, the executive director of the Australian Tourism Industry Council, said the impact of COVID-19 on his 10,000 members had been "diabolical".
18994	Simple to use, we barely had to pick up the instruction manual - and you can mix up the typical air fryer function and switch to the roast setting to crisp up roast potatoes, or dehydrate to make fruit and vegetable snacks.
18995	Simply put, the Predator cannot operate in a contested environment.
18996	"Simply put, they have too much power," said Representative David Cicilline, a Democrat from the state of Rhode Island who chairs the panel.
18997	Simply put, this means a person wearing a fleece mask generated more droplets than when his or her nose and mouth had no covering at all.
18998	Simply put, while it may be routine for OPUC to apply for a rate increase right now, it is an inappropriate time to do so, as the pandemic has left a wound in the world’s economy.
18999	“Simply trusting the people with freedom of speech could have achieved a great victory in preventing and managing this epidemic, and there wouldn’t have been such a huge price to pay.”
19000	Since 1938, GreenState Credit Union has grown to become the largest credit union in Iowa, with almost $6 billion in assets and 205,000 members.
19001	Since 2010, I have covered the NBA, NFL and MLB for a variety of outlets, including Bleacher Report, NBA Math, SB Nation and Forbes.
19002	Since 2014, our official gaming headset recommendation has been Kingston’s HyperX Cloud—the original, no surname, just Cloud.
19003	Since 2015, founder and executive director Sophia Wong Boccio’s Asian cinema series has presented at the AMC River East 21, which recently reopened for business after a five-month COVID lockdown.
19004	Since 2016, ISWAP has launched more attacks and has caused far more casualties among the military than Shekau's JAS.
19005	Since 2016 she has been in a relationship with Morgan, the show's creator and screenwriter.
19006	Since 2016, the company has been working with messenger RNA therapeutics developer Moderna (NASDAQ: ) in a partnership focused on cancer vaccines.
19007	Since COVID, that’s jumped to 280 calls.
19008	Since early Tuesday morning, a pile of crushed cars has been burning, sending a plume of smoke high into the air, visible from the northern edge of the Twin Cities metro.
19009	Since Election Day, Pence, like Trump, has largely kept out of public sight.
19010	Since even the Switch would dwarf a banana, the PlayStation 5 makes it seem absolutely miniscule.
19011	Since Gemini is the first air element of the zodiac, it’s like the first gust of wind to circulate the communicative winds of change.
19012	Since Germany stopped paying, this no longer exists."
19013	Since her posts spread on social media, Ms. Zhang said she has received hundreds of threats, with much of the heaviest criticism coming from classmates.
19014	Since I arrived in Malta more than two years ago, I have been pleasantly surprised to meet many Yoga experts and enthusiasts in Malta, confirming its popularity in Malta also.
19015	Since implementing a soil health management system, Yanta has decreased fuel costs by almost $100,000.
19016	Since its inception in 2008, the bi-partisan, educational and advocacy group that I represent, United Against Nuclear Iran (UANI), has made it clear that the challenges posed by Iran are not limited to the nuclear realm.
19017	Since its start in 2000, Gavi claims to have prevented more than 13 million deaths.
19018	Since it was founded in September 1985, has grown into one of America’s largest online retailers, offering over 450 wellness products in the categories of nutrition, personal care, home cleaning and cosmetics.
19019	Since January 2020, 191 incidents against humanitarian operations have been recorded in which 13 humanitarian workers were killed, 12 injured, 24 abducted and 14 detained or temporarily arrested.
19020	Since July 6, anyone entering Switzerland from any of the 29 "high risk" countries, including the US, has to undergo a ten-day quarantine.
19021	Since last March, baking has become one of the central activities of our stay at home lives.
19022	Since many non-resident employers at present do not register themselves with the Estonian Tax and Customs Board, it is difficult for the latter to objectively asses the size of tax losses arising from the use or misuse of foreign agency workforce.
19023	"Since participation in UEFA club competitions is determined by the sporting result achieved at the end of a full domestic competition, a premature termination would cast doubts about the fulfilment of such condition," the joint letter stated.
19024	Since PCOS is a lifestyle disorder, its management is easier if one takes due care.
19025	Since regaining the rights to publish comic books based on Robert E. Howard’s sword and sorcery fantasy hero Conan the Barbarian, Marvel has decided to integrate the adventurer into the Marvel Universe.
19026	Since returning to Wuhan is still impossible, the team is planning to set up another camp in Shenzhen, in southeastern China.
19027	Since social media posts can be unreliable at times, it’s important to address how we can confront dishonest information.
19028	Since the 1980’s, Germany has spent more than USD 1 billion in development aid to Mozambique.
19029	Since the 2010-2011 academic year, the Foundation has provided $5,500 annually to the college’s peer tutoring program.
19030	Since the 2016 vote, the U.K. has held fractious negotiations with the EU that finally, late last year, secured a deal on divorce terms.
19031	Since the allegations against the minister became a public issue, public opinion has been that he should respond to the allegations made against him rather than impugning the woman’s character by alluding that she is temperamental and not marriageable.
19032	"Since the applicant (Mukulu) has lawyers, he can make a formal application for my recusal if he feels he has the grounds," she added.
19033	“Since the beginning, we’ve taken a data-driven approach to our pandemic response, focusing on saving lives and livelihoods,” the governor said.
19034	Since the fires, internal turmoil has added a toxic atmosphere to the damage done, denials of responsibility and multiple questionable sackings left the public bewildered, nearby residents homeless, staff depleted and students stressed.
19035	Since the first film, Godzilla has anchored a franchise that spans more than 30 films, television and works of animation.
19036	Since their messy marriage and divorce, the two famous Hollywood stars have come a long way and remained good friends.
19037	Since the Marshall decision, Ottawa has assisted the bands to obtain about four licences in the region 34 commercial lobster fishery, according to DFO records.
19038	Since then, it hasn’t been our problem, has it?
19039	Since then, Tencent has announced a cyberpunk game known as that will make use of the Epic Games technology.
19040	Since then the American experience has mostly been a hodge-podge and state-by-state process of half-hearted or otherwise failed or stalled attempts to establish a basis of regulation.
19041	Since then, the city has reported a substantial drop in emissions — eliminating more than two-thirds of the government’s greenhouse gas contributions compared to the year 2000.
19042	Since then there have been interminable court battles between Leda, the business rescue practitioners and another Chinese-controlled company, Cheetah Chrome South Africa, Dilokong’s purported new owner.
19043	Since then, there have only been a handful of airlines running services to Australia.
19044	Since then, the restaurant has served as a community gathering point and a frequent lunch and dinner event venue for local businesses, organizations and nonprofits.
19045	Since then, we have seen a massive rise from single digit, to double digit.
19046	Since the over-riding consideration for the PGI is meat quality and this quality is to be determined by inspection, Beef Plan chairman, Joe Woulfe argues these age limits make no sense.
19047	Since the pandemic started, there has been a real digital boost in many areas.
19048	Since there is no Rubber Board published prices now, growers are not eligible to get government subsidy for their trade transactions, he said.
19049	Since the show ended, she has landed a job as an office manager in a wellness clinic while taking auditions for commercials on the side.
19050	Since the start of June, it has registered the most new infections and deaths of any country in the world, according to an AFP count based on official figures — more than 518,000 and 19,000, respectively.
19051	Since the start of the current financial year, wholesale inflation is on a downward trend.
19052	Since the start of the pandemic, Croatia has seen over 5,000 coronavirus cases and 160 deaths.
19053	Since the start of this recruitment campaign, a total of 233 extra officers have joined police forces in Wales as a direct result of the drive.
19054	Since this is happening right after Alexis’ outburst toward Cyrus, Julian may intervene and warn Alexis not to mess with this guy.
19055	Since this operating system was released, Windows has already cycled through another iteration – Windows 8 – before launching the current Windows 10 operating system.
19056	Since UCLA Athletics began testing on June 22, 9,660 tests have been administered with 22 positives among players, coaches and staff, 0.23%.
19057	Singapore faces a moment of truth in the coming week, with COVID-19 breaking out in worker dormitories, Singapore’s unacknowledged soft underbelly.
19058	Singh said he would like to see the Canadian government denounce any violence inflicted on peaceful protesters at the hands of police.
19059	Single apps for all travel needs, passport free travel, and mobile app check-in are the top three ‘new travel norms’ expected by travelers in the next decade, according to new research by Agoda, the world’s fastest growing digital travel platform.
19060	Single-game tickets aren’t yet available.
19061	Sinner received a wild card into the tournament and is being touted as one the next superstars of the men's game.
19062	Sinotrans (China Merchants Group) provides free logistics services for this cargo in Beijing.
19063	‘Sir, a woman’s preaching is like a dog’s walking on his hind legs.
19064	Sirika said: “We have entry screening for arriving passengers for all flights by Port Health Services using the temperature scanners.
19065	Sir Keir called on Mr Johnson to throw out clauses that could breach international law and those that lead the devolved administrations to warn of a “power grab” to get Labour support.
19066	Sir Lindsay Hoyle told MPs: ‘I accept that decisions have been taken in a fast-moving situation, but timings for statements are known to ministers.’
19067	Sister Anne’s work ethic, marked by vision, focus, initiative, and accountability, served her well in every ministry she undertookAs a teacher, she was knowledgeable, patient, and compassionate.
19068	Sister Shirlee was the team’s catcher and acted as a coach on the field for three seasons.
19069	Sitake’s Cougars are looking to open their playbook with more passing this season.
19070	Site clearance by Union Ministry of Civil Aviation.
19071	Sitting alongside a deep-water channel, the proposed site offers natural protection from storm surges and flooding, and the unused property promises to require low construction and operational costs.
19072	Sitting behind him, his unruly mop of blond hair and cheery devil-may-care manner reminded me of someone, but I couldn't for the life of me think who.
19073	Sitting here, names have been called for all other states except FCT and we have one.
19074	Situational and opportunistic ethics are part of what has allowed the movement to thrive to the present day, says Belew, and it is part of what people must comprehend.
19075	Sivý Kameň used to be a royal castle.
19076	Six Feet Under, Paatal Lok are my all-time favourite shows.
19077	Six games proved to be all the Dodgers needed to take the crown back to Los Angeles in their 3-1 2020 World Series win over the Tampa Bay Rays.
19078	Six new homes in three duplexes were created on Greenwood Avenue.
19079	Six of the patients are in serious condition, 13 are in moderate condition, and the rest are showing mild symptoms; 14 people have recovered from the disease caused by the coronavirus.
19080	Sixteen residents have died.
19081	Sixty-two faculty members, 29 adjunct faculty and 33 full-time faculty, participated in at least one of the training sessions in preparation for the fall.
19082	S. joint communiques, prudently and properly handle Taiwan-related issues and avoid damaging China-U.
19083	Skaters play shinny at Castle Downs Park on New Year's Eve in Edmonton, on Tuesday, Dec. 31, 2019.
19084	Skis, poles, and boots in adult sizes will be provided or participants can bring their own.
19085	SKOPJE, Macedonia — Police in North Macedonia discovered 56 migrants during a routine search of a truck and arrested the driver on suspicion of belonging to a trafficking ring that brought them in from Greece, authorities said Sunday.
19086	Sky Sports when they realise they can’t say “Wayne Rooney’s Derby County” for the next few games https://t.
19087	Sky then gave Omega a flapjack.
19088	Slack has benefited from companies relying more on information technology systems to keep their workers connected during the pandemic.
19089	Slated to be fully operational in early 2022, the plan is to produce about 328,500 MMBtu of RNG for pipeline injection each year, making this Brightmark’s largest RNG project to date.
19090	's latest adventure to remove from the timeline the Encores Astra sent back from Hell, the team traveled to 1790s France and took down Marie Antoinette, whose head was attached to her body only some of the time.
19091	Slaughter had conferred with seniors and parents on Zoom before setting the date for the outdoor graduation.
19092	Slaves bought in West Africa were branded with the company initials RAC and packed onto ships for a six to eight week voyage to the Americas.
19093	S. leveraged buyout, venture capital and special situation strategies.
19094	Slide underneath and the skin will be inside.
19095	Slightly Increased base damage of body jabs, straights, hooks, and uppercuts.
19096	“Slightly less bummy,” the actress wrote.
19097	Slippages of Rs 16,525 crore included exposure to a large housing finance company — DHFL — at around Rs 7,000 crore, SBI said.
19098	SLOAN: Just so you know, I grew up in Atlanta, so I am very supportive of what's happening right now.
19099	Slovakia marks 15 years since the murder of student Daniel Tupý.
19100	‘s love story is just so beautiful.
19101	Slow down to a safe speed for current conditions.
19102	Slowly but surely, over the summer, a number of restaurant jobs returned.
19103	Slow-moving Tropical Cyclone Blake is tracking along the coast, passing close to Broome overnight.
19104	Smalberger, who has been providing training to the City and provincial government for more than eight years, said she did not tender because they were not aware it existed at the time.
19105	Small businesses have taken out more than half a trillion in forgivable loans.
19106	Small engines burning coconut oil gave an extra boost, while solar panels replenished batteries to charge communications equipment.
19107	SM Enlightenment Media Let the sun shine later as daylight saving time back Sunday - https://t.
19108	SmileyCoin (SMLY) traded 4.9% higher against the dollar and now trades at $0.0000 or 0.00000000 BTC.
19109	SMi’s small satellite and space situational conferences, two London events both previously planned for April, have been rescheduled for September.
19110	Smith, Baldwin and Cantrell all thanked the Sunrise representatives for their concern — Smith offered to meet with them after the conclusion of the event — and then encouraged them to vacate the front of the room and allow the panel to continue.
19111	Smith Barney Citigroup dropped their price objective on The Kroger from $36.00 to $33.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, December 4th.
19112	Smith gave special thanks to the people of Fort Lauderdale and the greeting he got as they pulled into port.
19113	Smith's new project is the first Green Hornet animated series, but it's not the first time the hero has appeared on the small screen; the character and his sidekick Kato appeared in a TV series in 1966.
19114	Smith, though, plans to provide hands-on care for the Jazz.
19115	Smith uses the scissors.
19116	Smoke from brushfires in Tijuana, Mexico, in June.
19117	Smriti Mandhana just let out a huge sigh of relief and Ellyse Perry can't believe it!
19118	Snaffle a few formal pieces for the return to the office.
19119	Snaking queues wait patiently to enter grocery stores in Cape Town on April 1, day six of the Covid-19 lockdown.
19120	SNB governing board member Andrea Maechler said the project showed wholesale CBDCs were feasible from a technical and legal viewpoint, but the outcome did not mean the SNB was committed to issuing one.
19121	’s new period drama Hollywood lands on Netflix tomorrow – giving TV lovers something else to binge in lockdown.
19122	“Snowmobilers need to drive appropriately for the trail and the conditions,” Maine Game Warden Sergeant Bill Chandler said in the release.
19123	Snowshoers should consider a pair of gaiters to keep feet dry and snow-free.
19124	Snow was drifting into high banks everywhere.
19125	SNP MP Margaret Ferrier 'very sorry' for attending Commons before positive Covid-19 test result SNP MP Margaret Ferrier delivered a four-minute speech to the Commons chamberon Monday after experiencing Covid-19 symptoms.
19126	's numbers, as well as those for the other 10 Top releases, in the chart below, and join me after for analysis!
19127	Snyder has since gone onto say that hiring Whedon was not his decision and that he’d sooner burn The Snyder Cut than include any of the footage from the theatrical cut.
19128	Snyder himself confirmed this back in May 2019 when the 's release was nothing more than a glint in the director's eye, revealing images of the deleted scene and the corresponding shot of Cyborg visiting a grave.
19129	So a detailed look into the information is needed.
19130	So a few questions about that.
19131	So again, with the league currently on hiatus, I figured I’d look back at my statistics predictions for regular rotation players that were on the roster before the season.
19132	Soap, water, hand sanitizer, face masks – do whatever it takes to keep those relief pitchers healthy.
19133	"So, as you know, your city, your state is going to be huge in this election," Justin addressed the delighted group.
19134	So be a dear and buy from Roasters today it's for a great cause.
19135	So, before anything else, you should understand the current strategy of your company and your project’s business objectives.
19136	“So broadly the CISO’s job has a great deal to do about trust and creating trust that the data provided to the company is secure.
19137	So, by having this feature, the plants that existed before in the series now gain a new purpose, and the feature was included partly because of this new value it brings.”
19138	So-called 'new' potatoes are carefully dug while their tops are still green, so their skins haven't had a chance to toughen.
19139	So carry on buying your Herald each week for the latest news and exclusive stories you won’t find anywhere else – covering the coronavirus crisis and all the other big issues from the area.
19140	Sociable Libra dogs like to perform duets with other pets.
19141	Social distancing guidelines will be maintained to ensure a safe yet festive celebration.
19142	Social distancing—in the parlance of this pandemic—was the foremost countermeasure, even if it meant keeping kids cooped up when an outbreak abruptly halted summer fun.
19143	“Social distancing is still very much necessary, and that doesn’t get lifted just because of the good-hearted nature of what we’re doing.
19144	Social distancing, masks and glasses have become a huge part in our facility to maintain safety for those that live and work here.
19145	Social dumping and reliance on low-productivity, low-cost labour has done severe damage to the concept of globalisation.
19146	“Social media companies have a First Amendment right to free speech.
19147	Social media firms are now effectively monopolistic communication grids – similar to the electricity and water grids, or the phone network of a quarter of a century ago.
19148	Social media influencer wrote “Laura Ingraham interviews an anonymous poll worker —complete with a disguised voice.
19149	Social media is certainly not the best way, but seems the only option for many HOAs.
19150	Social media isn’t helping those statistics.
19151	“Social media presence is good for all of us these days but Royalties can have people do it for them.
19152	Social media users targeted Chase, saying “Euthanize the police dog,” “Defund the paw patrol," and "All dogs go to heaven, except the class traitors in the Paw Patrol.”
19153	Societies worldwide, fearing the last generation of mankind has already been born, grapple with their imminent demise.
19154	So each season a new couple is introduced to be followed and each episode occurs in the span of one day.
19155	“So, each state has its own trajectory based on when people were exposed to the infection in that particular state.
19156	So elegant! love this Kendall,” wrote one fan of the model’s.
19157	So even if you do not sell directly to end-users, you may find that your brand suffers.
19158	So even though Jones shows some promise as a three-point shooter, he also hit less than 30 percent last season.
19159	So everybody around is going to benefit from it,” he says.
19160	So everything right now is just first-come, first-serve basis.”
19161	So extra,” she agrees, as she walks her fellow Netflix asset through a four-bedroom, three-bath house that Brown is purportedly considering buying.
19162	So, Facebook is censoring a “QAnon Network,” but I don’t believe this network has any direct contact with the actual QAnon account that now posts on 8kun.
19163	So far, Cloutier said those in the program have adapted well.
19164	So far, Google has built a number of prototypes with its E-Textiles module.
19165	So far, he said, more than 300,000 vaccine doses have been administered statewide, most of those to frontline healthcare professionals.
19166	So far, hospitalizations have not spiked.
19167	So far, India has reported 37,257 cases of coronavirus and 1,223 deaths.
19168	So far, it's confirmed the PS5 specs and revealed the console's DualSense controller, but has yet to show the console design itself or any of its first-party games.
19169	So far, it’s safe to say the Chiefs have gotten more out of 49ers quarterbacks than the other way around.
19170	So far, most rumors put both the PS5 and Xbox Series X between $450 and $549.
19171	So far, no offence has been registered, the official said.
19172	So far, officials report that 24,671 people have recovered from COVID-19 in Iowa.
19173	So far over 6.5 million people have been tested, according to official media reports.
19174	So far that is bluster.
19175	So far, the case has yielded a single arrest: an 82-year-old defrocked priest, Robert Brennan, charged with lying to FBI agents who showed up at his door.
19176	So far, the dress has received 70 bids and stands at a total of £1,220.
19177	So far, the Kazakh courts have tilted toward leniency in handing out relatively short prison sentences or suspended sentences but deciding against ordering deportation back to China.
19178	So far, the UAE is the only nation the US is threatening specifically for an embassy.
19179	“So far, things look good and I am positive that this year we will have a good harvest to sustain our families,” said Haihambo.
19180	"So far, we really don't know the number of styles that will be joining the new organisation.
19181	So far, work has involved the acquisition of field gear, sampling equipment and staff training.
19182	Sofa surfing sounds almost benign, but there is nothing soft about its strains and privations.
19183	So first, the quicker you bring the ball forward the more chance Hawkins has.
19184	"So, for example, now we're telling people to go back into pubs, we're incentivising, quite rightly for the purposes of getting the economy moving, to go and eat out.
19185	So, for future historians, diaries preserve the feelings, emotions and perspectives of the people rather than those of the functionaries of the state.”
19186	So for mid-sized tourism operators and other businesses like restaurants, rental car companies and cafes, ECAL is dropping to zero.
19187	So, for moms, tech certainly doesn't need to be pink or bedazzled.
19188	So, for my part, there was absolutely no intuition involved – there was just rational reasoning and a critical regard of the experience.
19189	"So for the first boot camp, seven people came.
19190	Sofos Investments Inc. grew its stake in Gladstone Investment by 41.8% in the fourth quarter.
19191	So four years later, here we are.
19192	Software solutions to assist with contact tracing can iterate and improve as we understand their strengths and weaknesses,' Edwards says.
19193	Software systems on aircraft require a far higher degree of reliability and checks before approval compared to consumer products.
19194	So "Fun Tonight" about Gaga's former romance?
19195	So, get your whole team on board and keep on brainstorming until you’ve found a good solution.
19196	So giving them brain breaks giving them time outside.
19197	So Godlis works on instincts and hopes for the best.
19198	So, has anyone ‘Meghan Markled’
19199	So he and I would chat late into the night to help keep each other awake,” Thurston said.
19200	So he did not say there was only bureaucrat and no expert.
19201	“So, he (Ibori) is stating categorically that he never solicited for, or was awarded, or indeed executed any contract with NDDC or any government agency, at any time, for that matter.”
19202	So here’s a list of stress-free beach reading for the beach-deprived, with an eye toward books you’re less likely to have already read.
19203	So he was taken by ground to Jackson’s hospital and then put him on a helicopter and flew him to Vanderbilt in Nashville,” McGowan said.
19204	So hopefully we can inspire younger people to dance because we have so much fun."
19205	So how does evidence get collected?
19206	“So I came here to the Event Centre to let people know, as you can see, that there is nothing here and the Event Centre has already been prepared for a programme as it was meant to be used for.
19207	So I can’t even walk on there because their roster spots are filled.”
19208	So I can’t get cocky.
19209	So I decided to simply do it.”
19210	So, I definitely wanted to increase my GT score in case I wanted other opportunities, but I didn’t know there was a class.”
19211	“So I don’t do anything special to protect myself.”
19212	So I expect all this will lead to a five trillion dollar economy,” Sitharaman said while speaking to reporters.
19213	“So I find this very helpful.”
19214	So if Iran and their surrogates are going to take out oil fields, let the Saudis respond with all that advanced weaponry we sent them and reciprocate by taking out oil fields.
19215	So if Johnson wants to find a project that he can help grow, might be the best avenue.
19216	So if they close this facility, it will be staffed out of the South Precinct as it was in the 90’s and before.
19217	So if things stay the same and don't get worse (they will get worse) we'll have a nice milestone on election day of 250,000 dead, then by Thanksgiving close to 280,000.
19218	So, if we suspect it’s pneumonia, then we refer the patient to our general hospital in the state capital.”
19219	So, if you enjoy running, stay within the parameters outlined above to reap the health benefits!
19220	So if you want more, reach out to them… and let them know how you feel.
19221	So I go back to the hotel that night, I was getting ready to go to bed, it’s about one o’clock in the morning, I hear this noise.
19222	"So I heard some claps but not a ton.
19223	“So I just got to keep my head down, do my thing and keep playing, because I’ve been playing well.”
19224	“So I just wanted you guys to know … I have decided that I am, with great enthusiasm, going to endorse Joe Biden.”
19225	So I look forward to next season, I want very much to start next season and that's my nature."
19226	“So I made representative ingredients the focal point.
19227	"So I'm excited for that moment."
19228	So I might be a little timid, which means I would be looking at candidates who are unlikely to be easily turned into scary monsters.
19229	So I never think of our songs as being angry, really, or us being angry.
19230	So, in our Civil Aerospace business, we’ve seen a year of sustaining improvement in underlying operating profit.
19231	So in Philadelphia, when we had 50 to 70 new cases a day, it’s likely that the Department of Public Health could have done contact-tracing early on.
19232	So in practice during tours, if you haven't had a good session you feel you don't have that flow," Kohli said during a Facebook Live session with Bangladesh ODI captain Tamim Iqbal.
19233	So in the Tabernacle, G-d came close to the people, and in bringing sacrifices, the people came close to G-d.
19234	So is hosting a series of free Zoom workshops dedicated to the down-and-dirty details of running a brand.
19235	“So I started hanging out with Mike Tyson so I got to see Mike in two different ways, two different lives,” the “Blame It” singer explained.
19236	So, is the man in the truck at the end of the premiere Alex’s dad?
19237	So it goes for the Cal men’s basketball program — which has tumbled to a 10-14 record and is 4-7 in Pac-12 play, ahead of just Washington in the conference standings.
19238	So, I think anything that excludes communities and creates an atmosphere of intolerance, is probably not a good thing for science.
19239	So I think as we go through some of this there will some restructuring, there will be some reorganization and there will be some renewal.
19240	So, I think it is easy to find out from the police whether they are Zanu PF or not," said Moyo.
19241	So, I think it was a good idea because there’s no fights going on, so it’s a good time for people to get to know me.
19242	“So, I think it was the right decision to make by the state association as well as the San Bernardino County Fire Department.
19243	So I think the battle is going to be won with 49ers offense and Kansas City’s defense.
19244	So, it is important to keep up the prevention and control measures against the disease and expand testing, while managing the donations to ensure they are used strategically and transparently.
19245	So it is no surprise that much of Africa has been reduced are reduced to a place of beggars and a population in need of charity.
19246	So I try to do what I can to improve myself, my community, and perhaps collectively, our society.
19247	So it’s a match that is honed in the stars.
19248	“So it’s a very hands on lab in a normal year.”
19249	So it’s heartening to read how Dr. Anoko’s insight into and practical grasp of a current situation can lead to resolution, one village at a time.
19250	So it’s just awesome.
19251	So it’s like do I hide?
19252	So, it’s not like they’re going to cut him anytime soon.
19253	So, it’s not that we can’t do it, it’s that we don’t want to do it, given the damage that we now know that it can cause.
19254	So its their task to search for a genuine remedy to a particular obstacles bedeviling their homes.
19255	So it was interesting for me as a, you know, kind of not quite a kid, not quite a grown-up to kind of recognize that in you.
19256	So, it was just kind of depressing, a little bit, I guess you could say," Horne said.
19257	"So it was more of an awareness in the hamstring as opposed to a moment where he had to pull up.
19258	So it was organic, he just hit me up and he wanted to hop on it.
19259	So it was quite some time.
19260	"So I wait until she goes back to her car so I can ask her, not in front of everyone, to blow her cover.
19261	So I was doing it comedic-ly, you see what I’m saying?
19262	So I went down to this night club called “The Apartment” on Crenshaw.
19263	So I will look to see if the job gains are more or less 184,000.
19264	So just about everything.
19265	So just how can affairs carry on during lockdown?
19266	So keep watching."
19267	So, kinda missing how it's tone deaf?
19268	Solar photovoltaic cells — the individual units that form a solar panel, like the shingles on a roof — are wafer-like devices made of materials called semiconductors that are capable of converting sunlight to electrical energy.
19269	“Soleimani’s hands were drenched in both American and Iranian blood,” Trump said.
19270	“So let’s assume Soleimani is responsible for the embassy raid on the 27th.
19271	So let’s take the figure of 1%.
19272	Solicitor Richard Goldberg said the tie resulted in the motion failing, but the meeting was cut off immediately and left confusion on what exactly that meant.
19273	So log into your Pinterest, get out your favorite notebook and start preparing to throw the most incredible party you’ve ever thrown.
19274	So long as he could breathe normally, as he could that day, he had a better shot at recovering at home, Christopher heard them say.
19275	So long as they would also treat Delaware residents who leave the state and go to those hot spots the same way when they try to come back into Delaware.
19276	Solskjaer addressed Pogba’s future this month, saying: “Paul's our player and he's got a year plus an option (on his contract) so you can expect Paul to be here.”
19277	So, make sure you chalk out the amount you can afford to lose and only then proceed with the gambling routine.
19278	Somalia will allow child marriage once a girl's sexual organs mature and give the go ahead to forced.
19279	So managing partners need to know how to manage millennials (and it won’t be long before millennials themselves are managing partners of major firms, since the oldest millennials are approaching 40).
19280	So many movies intended for the big screen are having to forgo it these days, it seems odd when something as apt for home viewing as “” makes the COVID-defying move of opening on 1,200-plus American screens.
19281	So many of us learnt from you.
19282	“So many people are desperately looking for supplies abroad.
19283	“So many people watch the president.
19284	So maybe he's not a Christian.
19285	So maybe we should be pulling for Lowell.
19286	Some 46 children went through the Treatment Abroad Scheme to the Gender Identity Development Services at Tavistock Clinic in London in 2018 but that number more than halved last year (2019) to 20 children.
19287	Some 90,000 in Tigray receive International Rescue Committee services, and Readings worried about how conflict would affect “so many people already so vulnerable.”
19288	Some analysts argue that the markets are doing the best they can with little information or precedent, and typically markets try to price in worst-case scenarios, with a great deal of success most of the time.
19289	Some apps promote wellness by prompting users to constantly use their devices to track their day to day activities.
19290	Some are massive, others petite and one can smoke a brisket.
19291	Some are predicting, you know, huge levels of unemployment and we’re not seeing any abating yet of all of those warning signs in terms of redundancy announcements.
19292	Some are reactive; some are not reactive.
19293	Somebody check and see if he needs LASIK.
19294	Somebody finally said it.
19295	Some businesses being more successful than others is normal as we choose to live in a capitalist society, but not if that success is earned by unfair practices.
19296	Some candidates may not want to make potential voters uncomfortable, but others may feel knocking and then backing away from a door by at least 6 feet is still the most effective way to interact with area residents.
19297	Some carried signs reading, ”God forgives you.
19298	Some cases were reported in the county where a patient tested positive, while others were reported in a county of residence.
19299	Some characters got what they deserved and others didn't.
19300	Some Chicago neighborhoods saw larger increases in movement.
19301	Some children will be apprehensive about returning to school.
19302	Some companies have had a website for years, if not decades.
19303	Some congressional aides are worried about a backlash by younger voters against the party if Trump banned TikTok, which has 100 million American users.
19304	Some content is humorous.
19305	Some critics say that this is not the only shortcoming they have witnessed in terms of AGRA delivering on its promises.
19306	Someday Ronnie would like to go on a moose hunt in British Columbia.
19307	Some discounts for low-income people — which range from 25% to 50% now — would turn into one type of discount for 50%.
19308	Some doctors are writing prescriptions for a drug that may help treat for their family and friends, one pharmacist said, calling their actions "unethical and selfish."
19309	Some eCommerce business merchants include cleansers and other cleanliness items, clinical supplies, or different DIY or self-care related items to fulfill buyer needs.
19310	Some even asked for Patrice to share the stuff that he has been smoking that made him say such utterances.
19311	Some experts expect the outbreak to last at least until May 2020.
19312	Some fair organizers have noted that junior fairs are expensive and usually rely on revenue from other senior fair events.
19313	Some families told me that they were not allowed to bring in furniture, including air-conditioners, microwave ovens, TVs or a mini-trampoline if an autistic child requires one to calm herself.
19314	Some farm laborers return to their home countries, while others try to scrape by in temporary living situations.
19315	Some first-time mothers die during delivery if a cub is too big and gets stuck.
19316	Some folks have lost jobs, Some are afraid to go back because they work so closely together.”
19317	Some good news for the franchise is very needed at the present moment.
19318	Some Good News with John Krasinski : videos ›
19319	Some governors described the early PPE marketplace as the Wild West, where supplies often went to the highest bidder, even if they had already been promised to someone else.
19320	Some grama panchayats had started to remove silt and debris by bulldozing banks of rivers, Thomas Ambalavayal, secretary of the organisation, said.
19321	Some great local events are coming up and while you probably can’t get to all of them, most are worth trying to see.
19322	Some have had problems shifting gears while others, including Trigger Communications, have regenerated their business with new approaches to their growth and benefits to their clients.
19323	Some health care clinics have closed and hospitals that serve Native Americans have scaled back services to focus on the coronavirus.
19324	"Some high-income countries are well behind in sharing this vital data with WHO.
19325	Somehow, against all odds, the strong little creature inside me clung on and the day my daughter was born was one of the happiest days of my life.
19326	Somehow, it’s even worse when it’s the first game in a match.
19327	Some landlords who could find a different use for a property might not rent at all rather than be subject to the whims of politicians.
19328	Some landowners were facing a Christmas Eve deadline to remove their offending signs, otherwise the county was prepared to remove the ads themselves and slap the landowners with fines of up to $2,000 for each sign.
19329	Some lenders offer mortgages with as little as 3 percent down.
19330	Some, like me, have used the word “apocalypse” to describe this year’s election.
19331	Some lucky top-performing students will get those,” said Oliver.
19332	Some members had called for violence, while many falsely claimed Democrats are stealing the election.
19333	Some members of the public who have suffered under her torment have also come forward on social media to share their miseries which were meted out by her."
19334	“Some negative things have been written about FCC which are not true; it is the duty of PAC to ensure that the interest of the Commission and country are protected,” Shinkafi said.
19335	Some nfl players are giving up millions to stand on the front lines of a pandemic while others are stealing money.
19336	Some Nova Scotia universities are tightening their purse strings as they brace for possible revenue shortfalls because of COVID-19.
19337	Some of Ghazan's signature lavabending moves include creating star-shaped projectiles out of lava, which he uses to cut through hard surfaces and attack from long ranges, and turning any earth bent at him into lava.
19338	Some of his international tango buddies realized he was missing and convinced authorities to enter the Argentinian apartment.
19339	Some of his journalism, short stories and travel writings were published in the 2012 anthology "Escape Velocity."
19340	Some of it is funny, and some of it is moving and touching.”
19341	“Some of the best actors are able to pull from it.
19342	“Some of the fan blades that may not have any use, we are looking at doing a wind-powered project just to teach people about wind electricity, and eventually solar electricity, as a learning tool.
19343	Some of the guidelines are contained in a statement in Abuja by the commission through its spokesperson, Mrs. Rasheedat A. Okoduwa.
19344	Some of the guides are recognised by the Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation as well.
19345	Some of the highest levels have been found in cities including Miami, Philadelphia and New Orleans.
19346	Some of the most popular ballot-marking machines, made by industry leaders Election Systems & Software and Dominion Voting Systems, register votes in bar codes that the human eye cannot decipher.
19347	Some of them their accuracy is 60 percent, which means that 40 percent will be wrong, others are 20 percent wrong which is why Rapid Diagnostic Test (RDT), is not yet officially used in Nigeria.
19348	Some of the new features that will soon be available on the Apple Watch.
19349	Some of the resources that will be afforded to the Lakeside residents include a smoothie bar, late-night diner and a plethora of study spaces.
19350	“Some of these Birkins gotta be fake and I’m not saying everybody’s is fake, but let’s make somethings crystal clear for one you can’t just walk into an Hermès store and buy a Birkin you have to be like a member in order to buy them.”
19351	Some of these observations will be true for all banks.
19352	Some of these stories are relatively unoffensive, like the 's "report" from two years ago that argued that Furness was happy that Jackman could quit working out and let himself get fat after finishing his extremely vascular run as X-Men's Wolverine.
19353	Some of the shots are incredible.
19354	Some of the sociological factors cut across problems of child poverty, social disadvantage, and the pitfalls inherent to adolescent decision-making.
19355	Some of the support measures will include fast tracking approvals and compliance matters, temporarily suspending some fees and charges, rent relief options and a shop local campaign.
19356	Some of the swimmers at Whian Whian Falls get a little suction on their legs!
19357	Some of the texts she uses can never again be opened—on one hand, that can feel uncomfortable, but that’s the nature of redaction.
19358	Some of the virus-related claims, including the Hernandezes’ case, seek class-action status and involve multiple plaintiffs, totaling almost 200 so far.
19359	Some of those Dragons will be playing amateur baseball soon, and some are planning to play some Legion ball.
19360	“Some of those guidelines and recommendations may change as we move forward in the current situation.”
19361	“Some of us started off conducting our segments on just our mobile phones in the beginning.
19362	Some of us would go, ‘Oh, groan.’
19363	Someone else similarly told T-Raww, "she don't want you."
19364	Someone in a dark-colored vehicle fired shots at the 17-year-old about 5:45 p.m. as he stood outside in the 500 block of South Oakley Boulevard, police said.
19365	Someone tried to break into our school.
19366	Some other viruses, including influenza and measles, may cause a similar infection of the brain too.
19367	“Some parents frankly can get quite aggressive when challenged by this and I have even seen some arguing with the police.
19368	Some parts of Abeokuta the capital of Ogun State have flooded due to heavy downpour which made the Ogun…
19369	“Some parts of it you’re like, ‘Yeah, I’ve kind of heard that before,’ but other times it’s like, ‘Whoa, I’ve never heard anything like that.’
19370	Some patients who are hospitalized for COVID-19 are given antibiotics, but only if they have a bacterial infection they are fighting off at the same time.
19371	Some people are just attention whores no matter what.
19372	“Some people are ready to sign an open letter, some people are ready to write a post (on social media), but few people were ready to go beyond that,” Azar told me.
19373	Some people are really milking the treasury dry with the endless war against Boko Haram terrorists.
19374	Some people are strong enough to climb up the fence and leap over the wire.
19375	“Some people assumed I must have some secret hookup,” Benincasa said.
19376	“Some people can predict their own death either through dreams or when they consult spiritual travellers or prophets.
19377	Some people continue to infect others because they do not know they have the virus.
19378	’ Some people in the Eagles organization had reservations about drafting Miller, a hometown kid from the Frankford section of the city.
19379	Some people like them with tomato-based sauces, but I gravitate toward Chianti or barberas for that.
19380	Some people moved.
19381	Some people said online that their bills were two to three times their monthly payment.
19382	Some people will hope to start ice fishing as soon as mid-December.
19383	"Some people would like to cause mayhem and trouble," Mayor Muriel Bowser said.
19384	Some picked out hints of new features, like a slime wearing cool sunglasses, building on what looks like a beach, and more.
19385	Some players may be concerned about the rarity of Exotic Ciphers and Ascendant Shards.
19386	Some refugees attempt to cross the river into Greece.
19387	Some Republicans say an article published this month by China’s state-run Xinhua news service amounted to a threat that America could lose access to vital drugs made in China.
19388	Some require the business owner to make reasonable assumptions about the future of their business.
19389	Some residents welcomed the decree.
19390	Some say law enforcement at the polls could be seen as voter intimidation.
19391	Some say she chewed laurel leaves, others that she inhaled burning laudanum, or even breathed vapors issuing from a rock cleft.
19392	Some schools have also hosted standardized testing or opened as regional “learning hubs” for a limited number of children to be supervised by CPS or a community-based organization during the remote school day.
19393	Some senators said they were opposed to the proposal because they feel students are overrepresented in the makeup of the committee.
19394	Some space for Traore out on the right.
19395	Some specialty plates benefit greater causes.
19396	Some species don't produce nectar but provide another type of reward for insects: safe shelter inside the flowers, which warm up in the morning.
19397	Some standout recipes from this illustrated cookbook include brown rice pasta with sweet basil pesto chicken sausage, green curry shrimp stir fry, and there’s even a hand-tossed pizza that’s surprisingly foolproof.
19398	Some still suffer from lung damage 17 years later.
19399	Some stores located near hospitals and healthcare centers will remain open for walk-in service.
19400	Some students discussed the skewed results that the electoral system yields — in 2016, Donald Trump won the general election while losing the popular vote.
19401	Some taxpayers will need to be able to provide an IT3(b) tax certificate, which provides the amount of interest paid or earned on any investment products held from a bank or financial institution.
19402	Something about lockdown triggered everyone's inner-Delia Smith, and had us tying up our aprons and hitting the kitchen up big time.
19403	Something changed, she said, “and for that, I am sorry.”
19404	"Something like this has to go through."
19405	"Something not mentioned is the full extent of the information problem," Purtilo told The National Interest.
19406	'Something terrible has happened and there are kids on the estate so there has to be some level of care.'
19407	Something was clearly unusual about this guy.
19408	Some thousands of people have gathered in the centre of the Belarus capital, Minsk, in a show of anger over a recent brutal police crackdown on peaceful protesters that followed a disputed presidential election.
19409	Sometime between 3 a.m. and 6 a.m. on July 16, someone stole a 2019 Chevrolet Cruz, four-door, from an address on Wills Street in Wallaceburg.
19410	Sometimes, despite our best endeavours, we still find ourselves staring at the ceiling at night.
19411	Sometimes, five minutes after I came myself.
19412	Sometimes great actors appear in terrible movies.
19413	Sometimes it can verge on dysfunctional.
19414	Sometimes it is a monster of sorts, other times it is an animal - and they are for the most part very strange creatures.
19415	Sometimes its for casteist slurs or misrepresentation.
19416	Sometimes it's just for appointments, but the stays can be longer if someone is in the ICU, critically ill or recovering from a severe trauma or injury.
19417	Sometimes, that means wearing the right kind of clothes for the right situation.
19418	Sometimes there’s too much information, too much knowledge floating around and you have to be able to cut through it and focus on what’s going to get you to your goal.
19419	Sometimes they just roll around on the floor and wrestle.
19420	Sometimes…we all need saving.
19421	Some times, you have to make a hard choice to let go of a proven commodity to get your team to reach their potential.
19422	Some users also complained that the new rules are still unclear for non-commercial operators.
19423	Some went without face masks.
19424	“Some will buy eventually; they’re saving for a down payment.
19425	Some worry about insects that might travel along with the plants, about flowers dropping pollen or petals on the table or about allergies.
19426	Some would argue that it is ungrateful, perhaps even unpatriotic, to scrutinize this country.
19427	Some years ago, however, construction began again on this grandiose Russian Orthodox Church.
19428	So Miami-Dade’s right turn in 2018 was actually completely predictable — and it might not mean anything for 2020.
19429	So Minnesota: First National Bank Building sign 'icon of downtown St. Paul'
19430	So Mrs Rogers has now set up a fundraising page in a desperate attempt to be able to afford the treatment — and has raised almost £12,000 in less than two weeks.
19431	So much so, that the Food and Drug Administration published a warning this week about taking too much Benadryl.
19432	So much so, that we no longer know what is true and what is hearsay.
19433	So my new scenario is that the pandemic is out of control, and with peoples attitudes, we’re not ever going to get rid of it.
19434	Son and father Kelvin and Noble Napungwana, told jurors both men allegedly ordered the cash to be paid to an unknown third party.
19435	So newcomers are advised to first head to Wikipedia’s detailed episode lists for the plotting of the 40 episodes of Seasons 1-4.
19436	Sonia Sena is behaving worse than Babur Sena,” Kangana tweeted.
19437	Sonim Technologies is trading at a higher price-to-earnings ratio than its rivals, indicating that it is currently more expensive than other companies in its industry.
19438	So, no, I don't feel bad."
19439	Sonora, CA — Clarke Broadcasting heard Friday evening from Bureau of Reclamation (BOR) officials that some of the gates and facilities at New Melones will open Saturday.
19440	Sonos sued Google in two federal courts.
19441	Sonos will launch its new app and big S2 software update on June 8thImage: Sonos The new app that Sonos announced in March will be released on June 8th, and with it will come the launch of the S2 platform that exclusively.
19442	So now he says he’ll come to Maine in July to fish with his son, son-in-law and four grandsons in tow.
19443	So, now, not only is Horton as good as any player on Pitt, but also any other guard in the ACC, including likely 2020 Devin Vassell, Landers Nolley and Cassius Stanley.
19444	So now you have the law backing up your arguments.
19445	Sony is entering the next generation on top of the industry and one only needs to look at the PS4's best exclusive open-world games to understand why.
19446	Sony Pictures Television signed Wattpad to an overall deal in 2019 whereby the studio has a first look at up-and-coming Wattpad stories.
19447	Sony promises faster, better looking games that catapult the medium into a new era – but is PS5 really that revolutionary?
19448	Soon after, he decided to pursue reporting.
19449	Soon after she married the gentleman, Gino Zanoni, a/k/a “Jumbo” due to his stature, and moved to Navarro to help him run The Store.
19450	Soon after the announcement from Prince Harry and the Duchess of Sussex, it was revealed that Markle had signed a voice-acting deal with Disney.
19451	Soon after the news went viral, netizens decided to sign a petition to ban Karan Johar’s chat show Koffee With Karan show.
19452	Soon afterwards, a hospital with a maternity wing followed.
19453	So, once again, we have regressive wealth transfers from poorer consumers to wealthier hospital owners and managers.
19454	“Sooner or later we will get a case.
19455	Soon households in the United States will begin responding to the 2020 U.S. Census.
19456	Soon, Lucas Horton (Bryan Dattilo) called to say that Allie Horton (Lindsay Arnold) had her baby.
19457	Soon, she began to wonder if she was making a huge mistake.
19458	Soooo, you’d let the Nazis have it, eh?
19459	So Pablo Helman came up with a new piece of software called Flux that was used in conjunction with a three-camera set-up which would allow a digital re-creation of the actor’s younger faces.
19460	So, parents do not need to be U.S. citizens – once a child is born in the U.S. then that child is a U.S. citizen, regardless of parent’s citizenship.
19461	So, particularly with ongoing continuity, you want to slot into that ongoing continuity, and you want to get the tone and the voice of that issue right.
19462	So people working and still collecting a paycheck (essential employees, work at home) will have to give it all back?
19463	So, perhaps Kilmer's experience with Warren Buffet revealed the wrong lesson?
19464	Sophie Grant graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge University with a focus on Japan and East Asia.
19465	"Sophie is amazing, if it wasn't for her, there's so much in my life which wouldn't have happened."
19466	Sophmore lisa basset was part of the committee overseeing the renaming.
19467	So, please, change it.
19468	So please stay away from any weapons and near-death people.
19469	Sora brings his trusty to battle.
19470	So rather than having to bend forward and do up the shoes each time, just slip your foot into them and the laces will stretch to allow this.
19471	Sorry ehn, you cant give what you have…LMAO.
19472	So, she said now, her biggest worry is what kind of new trauma these students are enduring and how hard will be for teachers to get them back on track once classrooms are reopened?
19473	So shoppers are approaching Singles Day with an indulgent mindset.
19474	So some users started replacing Mr. Xi’s name with “Trump.”
19475	So sorry Eamonn and Ruth, but it looks like you were grilling the wrong bandmate…
19476	So Stafford and Hammond teamed up to collect donations of holiday decorations.
19477	So, tell me, why did you say yes to hosting HGTV’s ‘Biggest Little Christmas Showdown?’
19478	So thank you for doing what you’re doing and speaking out.
19479	So, that’s some of the stuff I talk about and teach my students.”
19480	So that we will be producing a minimum of three speakers.
19481	So the bottom line is they have a plan, they’re executing on their plan.
19482	So the film-maker scouted a new exterior location in New Mexico, near his parents’ home in El Paso – the site of their next trip.
19483	So the first week of February, I grab cut-out hearts from the dollar bins at Target and I have them write things they love about themselves.
19484	So their participation in the workforce takes a backseat and they are economically dependent on the menfolk.
19485	So the link is being made that it would be the Christmas Star.”
19486	So there is all kinds of porn.
19487	So there should be no squabbling over whether Liverpool are allowed to play on Merseyside until they have been confirmed as champions — or even if they are forced away from Anfield for the remainder of this season.
19488	So there was just like, either some backlog, or I don’t know what kind of miscommunication, but the University was obviously very late on informing the student that they should even go into self isolation.
19489	So these assumptions can have meaningful consequences.
19490	So the third and the fourth will also be completely different sonically.
19491	So the Vulcan mindset is cultural, as opposed to being somehow biological.
19492	“So, the whining of the corporate C.E.O.s is really completely short sighted.”
19493	So, they ended the inning with a 13-run frame, and a large part of that was the freshmen getting on base.
19494	So they need to get to a hospital immediately because we can treat that and nip it in the bud,” Marty said.
19495	So they're risking their own health, and other people's, by openly defying the public health measures put in place to slow the spread.
19496	So they ride out all the ups and downs in order to take full advantage the recovery when it eventually happens.
19497	So they rolled the dice.
19498	So, they should criticize Americans.”
19499	So they signed me up, and all of a sudden I had 20,000 followers.
19500	So this committee will do its due diligence in looking at the revenues of agencies under our purview and ensure that the right amount is remitted before consideration for their 2021 budget proposals.”
19501	So this is a second grade classroom.
19502	So this year we’ll have a second march in Virginia on Feb. 13. We’ll also have a march in Pennsylvania.
19503	So titanically self-unaware is the Democratic Resistance that it failed to grok it was actually signing the party’s death warrant Wednesday, complete with official Nancy Pelosi commemorative black-and-gold signature pens.
19504	“So to come out like that and win a game like that, that’s huge for us.”
19505	So to me, the idea of womanhood is someone who sheds the perfect little box and owns their complexity.”
19506	So too has been the courage and conviction of all of us who understand what it means to be Australian during this difficult time."
19507	Sotto said the deferment was a :good plan,” although he maintained that Cha-cha proposals might face rough-sailing with only two years left before the end of the President Duterte’s term.
19508	Soucek had appeared to use an arm to control the ball in the build-up and some of City's players seemed to expect a whistle from referee Anthony Taylor.
19509	Sound OFF with your reactions and more in the comments (below)!
19510	Sounds to me as if the leadership has a few screws missing.
19511	So unless he gets paid, possibly by sending Iraqi transport jets to refuel in Scotland while their crews stay at his hotel, Trump isn't gonna leave Iraq, no way.
19512	Sources at Zimra and health officials who declined to be named said Mr Sibanda had succumbed to Covid-19.
19513	Sources in Pakistan said the mastermind of Mumbai terror attacks was sentenced to five-and-a-half years and imposed a fine of Rs 15,000 in each of the two cases related to terror funding.
19514	Sources said buyout proposals in the $15 billion range call for the purchaser to pay something close to $3.75 billion in exchange for a 49 percent stake in the company, with AT&T keeping a slightly larger sum to maintain a majority interest.
19515	Source: The South Dakota State University Extension is solely responsible for the information provided and is wholly owned by the source.
19516	Sour grapes: ‘Warmer days could threaten your wine’
19517	“South Africa, like the rest of the world, is facing and attempting to deal with the outbreak of a pandemic, while the axis on which the globe we inhabit continues to do its thing unbothered.
19518	South African Reserve Bank.
19519	South Africa's neighbours fare relatively well in terms of adopting HIV policy.
19520	South All-defensive members on the team besides Pulling included Trinidad State’s Mariah Garcia, Otero’s Emma Florez, McCook’s Makenna Bodette, and NJC’s Unique Gainey.
19521	Southampton, Aug 12 (IANS) Veteran England pacer Stuart Broad, who has been fined by his father and match referee Chris Broad for breaching ICC Code of Conduct during the first Test against Pakistan, has come up with a hilarious reaction.
19522	Southampton General Hospital in southern England is the proud new home of the piece, titled "Game Changer."
19523	South Australian police will target people they believe "pose a risk to general community safety" as part of a crackdown on potential coronavirus carriers in self-isolation.
19524	South Carolina Woman Dies After 'Alligator Encounter'
19525	South Dakota Sen. Thune said the GOP plan would provide assistance for schools, vaccine distribution, unemployment aid, and more money for small businesses.
19526	South Korea, meanwhile, has struggled to deal with Trump, who has been less wedded to historic alliances than his predecessors.
19527	South Korean activist floats leaflets to North amid high tensionsA South Korean activist said hundreds of thousands of leaflets had been launched by balloon across the border with North Korea, after the North repeatedly warned.
19528	South Korea's spy agency earlier said North Korea would hold a military parade in January in a demonstration of its military strength targeting the Biden administration.
19529	South Korea’s success in slowing the spread of the disease depended not just on doing many tests, but also on its comprehensive approach to following them up.
19530	• South of Pearblossom Highway, south and east of Highway 122 (Sierra Hwy/Pearblossom), north and west of Mount Emma Road, west of Cheseboro Road, north and east of Angeles Forest Highway.
19531	SOUTHWICK – Although most of the town’s 250 anniversary celebrations have been pushed to 2021 due to COVID-19, the Southwick 250 Committee is marking this year’s birthday with four events.
19532	Souza was seen in the crowded weigh-in room and again afterward facing off with his opponent on Friday morning but kept a social distance.
19533	So, we are going to make sure that they are able to make income from their produce," Mutharika said.
19534	So we are looking at areas on the strength of Japan as the world's third-largest economy we can leverage on, bearing in mind that Africa is the next growth frontier.
19535	“So we are right in the thick of it,” Goodwin said.
19536	“So wear the damn mask and follow the science.
19537	“So, we booked tickets and returned,” said the soft-spoken shuttler.
19538	So we can hope for the update to reach these devices soon after.
19539	So we demand answers.
19540	"So we don't want to see any dry Christmas trees."
19541	So we finished the session officially towards the end of 2019.”
19542	“So, we have brought out early warning signals.
19543	So, we have many years of his accumulated information directly from him both verbally and behaviorally.
19544	“So we have to be really well prepared to try and go there and win the game.”
19545	So we might make what school you came from optional.
19546	“So, we need prayers from members of the public to survive the present precarious situation we have found ourselves”, CP Abang stated further.
19547	So we really did a lot of special things over the seven years I was there and I’m really proud of the work that was done.”
19548	So we're going to treat that way for formulary consideration and for contracting consideration, which is very favorable for us, first and foremost.
19549	“So, we see that the creative economy has provided opportunity for Africa, to a large extent, mitigate the impact of Covid-19 on our economy,”
19550	So we thought, let’s do for aquaculture what we’ve done for ground fishermen.
19551	So we took into consideration several factors in coming up with that position.
19552	So, we want to give every registered Democrat an opportunity to participate.
19553	"So we will determine over the coming days why that alert was issued."
19554	So we would expect that to continue to kind of chug along as we have talked about in the past.
19555	So what are we missing?
19556	So what do challengers from either party do to take down incumbents?
19557	So what else is new to any soldier?
19558	So what happened was, there was a huge arbitrage opportunity because of the physical supply.
19559	So what inspired you to go in that direction with the show?
19560	So, what keeps an entrepreneur going amidst the difficulties?
19561	So what’s new in Windows Search a year later?
19562	So what we then did is we looked at how we would be able to facilitate or help in getting that done and we decided that this project that we were looking for some time, the mobile wallet was a good opportunity to assist with that.
19563	So when I saw the AND1 video game I knew I had to get it.
19564	"So, when Parliament calls these ministers to come and answer for their ministries, they must know that they are coming to Parliament.
19565	So when she considered recording a video of herself to have access to the frum world with a message, she hesitated.
19566	So when The Protagonist saves Kat in inverted time, this creates the necessity to bring her to the Oslo Freeport to revert her back to normal.
19567	So, when you put that together, you’ll see why we’re all weeping inside because this is a monumental loss.
19568	So while the NBA Playoffs would have been going on right now, let’s think back to happier times.
19569	So while you celebrate at home with pumpkins, scary movies, and candy, you now understand why my living room has a christmas tree, christmas music, and a strict ban on all Halloween paraphernalia.
19570	So, who are the 10 people making up the cast of season 28 and what did they do to get famous?
19571	So who is Michelle Tidball?
19572	So who’s going to keep an eye on their 9- and 15-year-old daughters, especially the younger one?
19573	So, why are they so fortunate?
19574	So, why shouldn't the role go to a Black voice actor?
19575	So why shouldn’t the Senate have any additional witnesses beyond the 18 who already testified?
19576	So why stress ourselves unnecessarily with what might happen when we are already being kept on our toes, continuously, with things that become very critical in seconds.
19577	So, winter may seem to drag on starting late, but ending late, perhaps dragging on into springtime.”
19578	So writing music wasn't nearly as easy as it is now, I mean I can bring up musescore and write endless scores until I bleed to death.
19579	Soybean export inspections saw a fractional dip lower, moving to 28.8 million bushels.
19580	So, you can go for this option every time you find the current font boring.
19581	So, you can make an informed choice and enjoy every sip of your well-earned cup.
19582	So, you can’t have a moratorium on servicing debts when you are not servicing your debts in the first place.”
19583	“So, you have to be serious about the sport if you want to compete.”
19584	So you're not just a cute little exotic brown child, you're more of a, you know, Black girl.
19585	So you will have to ask him.
19586	“So yuh had the Nigerian in yuh craw… So you saw the opportunity when she tried to embarrass the company by going to the police to throw her under the bus and made a report that she thief all these things.”
19587	Space Camp has been saved.
19588	Space is limited to 40 attendees.
19589	SpaceX intends ultimately to launch thousands of satellites to beam broadband around the globe to provide high-speed Internet everywhere, even in extreme weather or aboard high-speed jets.
19590	Spain's 17 regions, under its devolved system, have primary responsibility for healthcare and imposing restrictions.
19591	Spain said Thursday 440 people died in the past 24 hours from the new coronavirus, a slight increase for the third day running, bringing the overall death toll to 22,157.
19592	Spain's former king Juan Carlos, who is facing investigation at home and abroad for corruption, announced Monday that he will go into exile.
19593	Spanish authorities report that fatality rates have fallen, even among elderly patients, which would be consistent with reduced SARS-CoV-2 virulence.
19594	Spanish La Liga has been on hold since March in which all the players have been told to stay at home with their families so as to prevent the spread of the virus.
19595	Spanish player Talgo has expressed interest in the proposal and is willing to ‘Make in India’ customised trains for the project.
19596	Spanish Royal guard soldiers disinfect a hospital to prevent the spread of the new coronavirus in Madrid, Spain, Sunday, March 29, 2020.
19597	Sparklight said it will extend unlimited data access on all its internet plans through May 12 in an effort to provide continued connectivity for its customers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
19598	Sparrow is also a graduate of the Kentucky Bankers Association’s General Banking School and the Graduate School of Banking at Louisiana State University.
19599	S&P BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty 50 enter Tuesday’s trading session after recovering partially from the massive fall that they witnessed on Monday.
19600	Speakers at Wednesday’s rally also denounced the practice of Thai authorities of applying laws against defaming the monarchy, so-called “lese-majeste” offences, carrying a potential penalty of up to 15 years in prison.
19601	Speakers will share the latest information on tires and how best to manage them on the farm, including new tech and efficiency information.
19602	Speaking about his plans after winning the show, Thomas explained he would love to secure work experience in a kitchen before opening a gastropub of his own.
19603	Speaking about Women’s Day, Fawad appreciated the role of women for the betterment of society.
19604	Speaking as someone who hopes for an early end to the Trump presidency, the first few minutes of Tuesday’s debate in Cleveland made me nervous.
19605	Speaking at a conference in 2012, Joel Zimmerman famously declared: “If there was a movie about bidding wars in EDM, I’d probably be Darth Vader.”
19606	Speaking at a press briefing on Saturday (28 March), Borissov criticised, amongst others, NATO for …
19607	Speaking at the Moi International Airport freight terminal, Revital Healthcare sales director Roneek Vora said they are now receiving enquiries from outside Africa.
19608	Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House Sarah Huckabee Sanders‘ new memoir, set to be published next week.
19609	Speaking from the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa, UN Secretary-General regretted that the conflict has been “aggravated” by foreign intervention.
19610	Speaking further, Idemudia said that the NMMP is in fulfilment of the Federal Government’s and the Discos commitments to close the metering gap in the Country and enhance the revenue collection of Distribution Companies.
19611	Speaking in response to this on Tuesday afternoon, Premier Doug Ford said “every day is concerning to all of us.”
19612	Speaking of Ciara, thousands of properties are without power after stormy conditions and gusts of up to 130km/h hit the country overnight.
19613	Speaking of JPW, one of its seeds escaped the part of the garden where I’d planted it several years ago and flew over the top of my house to the other side.
19614	Speaking of the Los Angeles franchise, the team drew a lot of buzz when it was announced earlier this summer and has some big names behind it in the ownership group.
19615	Speaking of the nation overall, Trump said he didn’t want people “sitting 6 feet apart.
19616	Speaking of the president’s recent boasting of how he "aced" a cognitive test, Dr Lee said that "he is likely frantically trying to convince himself that he is mentally fit".
19617	Speaking of which: Do have any experience with Mother Meera or Ammachi?
19618	Speaking on Newstalk Breakfast and RTÉ radio’s Today with Claire Byrne show, Ms Dantas told of how she found out he had been involved in an accident when a garda answered his phone.
19619	Speaking on the sidelines of the event, Mohapatra said while the areas of concern are known, both sides have declared that they will continue to engage in formal and determined level of discussions.
19620	Speaking outside the church on Thursday, Macron said France had been attacked "over our values, for our taste for freedom, for the ability on our soil to have freedom of belief.
19621	Speaking recently on Rema’s Influence in music and making a lasting impression, Skales revealed he had a conversation with Starboy recently and it appears that the latter Rema believes the Mavin singer is a star and was going to last in the industry.
19622	Speaking to CNA, Mr Ng said that the aim of the amendments is to address "a lot of gaps” in the current Bill.
19623	Speaking to CNN, Ali Abedzadeh said, “if a rocket or missile hits a plane, it will free fall.”
19624	Speaking to the BBC, Mrs Richford said she and her husband were unable to hold their son "until the day that he died", and the seven days during which he had survived had been "the worst week" in their life.
19625	Speaking to the HHF managing trustee Mujtaba Askari said, “We aim to help donors make informed choices on their donations through Zakat and Sadaqa this Ramzan.
19626	Speaking to the magazine, Kendall's design team, mother-and-son duo Kathleen and Tommy Clements as well as Waldo Fernandez, who helped the star renovate the house explains how she explained to them her vision of the house.
19627	Speaking to the Observer Magazine, Dr Helen Sharman said: "Aliens exist, there's no two ways about it.
19628	Special constables are appointed as peace officers by the police department for specialized duties such as booking prisoners, but they are not considered police officers.
19629	Special education teachers are the critical players in the education of a student with disabilities.
19630	Special thanks this week to Roxana Linares, Natty Bibiana Hels, Cherolyn Fischer, and all of the staff and community at Centro Tyrone Guzman.
19631	Specifically, 3.5 billion people would be exposed to annual temperatures only found today in 0.8% of the global land surface, mostly concentrated in the Sahara, but in 2070 projected to cover 19% of the global land.
19632	Specifically, Habitat received a grant for $200,000, and Jackson Hole Community Housing Trust received $100,000.
19633	Specifically, the commodity markets have rallied significantly since mid-August, based both on huge late-summer export sales as well as USDA report adjustments that the grain complex viewed as bullish.
19634	Specifically, the team examined data that were collected from April 7 to May 14, 2020, although study recruitment is still ongoing.
19635	Specific COVID procedures range between different types of productions.
19636	Specific verses refer to the divine rewards the mujahid will receive both in life and in death.
19637	Spencer Cox is at 74%, which is also markedly better than Owens.
19638	Spencer Ware, Rod Smith, Wes Hills and Darius Jackson are slated to get a look, according to the league’s personnel notice.
19639	Spending cuts, increases to property taxes, pension obligation bonds and debt refinancings have all been under consideration to close the record $1.2 billion deficit for fiscal 2021… That comes after a nearly $800 million gap this year."
19640	Spending the holiday alone is actually the perfect excuse not to cook - and it means you can support local restaurants.
19641	Spending the next 6 weeks in solitude.
19642	Spend time with Jesus.
19643	Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse often tops lists of the greatest superhero movies of all-time, so Gunn's pick isn't overly surprising, and we can all agree the filmmaker clearly has good taste!
19644	Spider-Man: Miles Morales, Resident Evil 8, Ratchet And Clank, and numerous other games are planned to be released as a part of the Playstation 5's library, with the console slated to be released later this year just in time for the holiday season.
19645	Spielberg's original was helped by its limited reliance on computer graphics.
19646	Spiewak replaces Tabitha McMahon, who left the museum in June 2019 after nearly six years in the role.
19647	Spinouts, fender benders, and accidents happen at an alarming rate during the early storms of the winter season.
19648	Spiritual healer who vowed to find boy swept away by river…
19649	Spitfire teammates Louka Henault, Matthew Maggio and Egor Afanasyev have also been loaned to junior teams overseas.
19650	Spoiler alert: if you have to ask, it probably is.
19651	Spokesman of the Kaduna Police Command, ASP Mohammed Jalige, however told journalists that the Inspector of Police was on an assignment outside the office, and would be back.
19652	Spong says our definition must transcend theism.
19653	Spooky’s Swirls has gluten-free and super silly treats in Chandler year-round.
19654	Sportech’s board had declined even to enter discussions, it said, leading it to go public with its offer so shareholders could consider it.
19655	Sportsnet owns and operates the top-flight curling series.
19656	SPORT: Sunderland sign former Ipswich Town defender Tommy Smith - https://t.
19657	Spot gold had risen 0.3% to $1,799.22 per ounce by 0854 GMT, after hitting its highest since November 2011, at $1,800.18, earlier in the session.
19658	Spotlights will light up the sky in Portsmouth to recall the experience of blackouts during the war.
19659	Spotted by the colors of the Ethiopian flag at 18th Street and McDowell Road, Authentic Ethio African Spices is another one of the Valley’s outstanding African restaurants.
19660	Spousal and child abuse are up.
19661	Spousal contributions to a traditional IRA — as opposed to a Roth IRA — also qualify you for a tax deduction, assuming you meet income and other eligibility requirements.
19662	Spox rejects Iran, Australia FMs' talks on detained…
19663	Spraying the ball around, he was starting to find the gaps heading forward and was many pundits’ pick for the best player at the start of the second half.
19664	’s President, Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday received briefing in respect of the Economic Impact of from Minister of Finance, Zainab Ahmed and others at the State House, Abuja.
19665	“Spring is a critical time for turfgrass,” the letter reads.
19666	Spring plants in snow in April of 2000.
19667	Sprinkle the spring onions over the top and serve with rice and a smile.
19668	Sprinkle with the red pepper flakes and Parmigiano cheese.
19669	Spurs took the lead through a stunning close-range strike from Steven Bergwijn just 13 minutes into the game.
19670	Squarepoint Ops LLC now owns 96,172 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $742,000 after acquiring an additional 60,155 shares during the last quarter.
19671	Sri Lanka has recorded 11 fatalities from the virus, to date.
19672	SRINAGAR: The full dress rehearsal of 71st Republic-Day was held in all the districts of Kashmir division on Friday.
19673	‘s season finale, didn’t you expect Betty’s interview with to have a bigger impact on the storyline, given how much she and her lawyer discussed it?
19674	S. Senkathir, president of Puducherry Teachers Association said that a number of students covered under the scheme and their families have been battling hunger, and are finding it difficult to make both ends meet due to the ongoing COVID-19 lockdown.
19675	Stable economy, unstable politics: Why the paradox?
19676	Stacey Scruggs of the Person County School System gave WRAL News a virtual tour by way of FaceTime.
19677	Staff at the Royal College of Art have criticised the appointment of Mark Harrison, pictured, as the institution's head of diversity.
19678	Staff at the Seattle Children’s Museum posted this list of books that feature anti-racist messaging in May.
19679	Staff in community services do an assessment on clients to determine what services they need, whether it’s housing, employment or even assisting other family members, according to Community Services Manager Audrey Thompson.
19680	Staffing shortages and safety concerns driving change in strategies.
19681	Staff members who attended him at OOAT centre have also been tested.
19682	Staff writer Lester Black regrets failing to record a phone call he had with a Proud Boy following his Slog post that broke the news the Proud Boys were working with the state's anti-affirmative-action campaign.
19683	Staff writer Steve Craig contributed to this report.
19684	Stage 14 features the second time trial of the Giro, with 34km to Valdobbiadene, and the final one comes on the last day, running 15.7km into Milan.
19685	“St Albans has never seen anything like this.
19686	Stalin concluded that Churchill was only attempting to lure the Soviets into a war with Germany.
19687	Stalin replicated Hitler’s imperial model with his own architectural “classicism”: high rises with domes, spires, and other trimmings meant to denote power.
19688	Stamina: Walk, don’t run.
19689	Stamm asked the board if it would be possible for village attorney Jason Brasch to look over the agreement and get back to the village with his thoughts.
19690	Stammen led San Diego with 76 appearances last season, going 8-7 with four saves and a 3.29 ERA.
19691	Stand after stand offered ice-cradled Fines, Fines de Clair and Belons straight from the Bays of Arcachon, Cancale and Marenne-Oléron, France’s three, renowned oyster sources.
19692	Standard tickets are priced at £10, with concession tickets at £8 and students at £6.
19693	Standing on the South Bank, the Globe theatre is one of London’s most iconic landmarks, as well as being an international cultural giant.
19694	Stanford accused Chatham house of selectively working with the Zimbabwean Government while denying other organisations outside government a chance to air their views or right of reply.
19695	Star and writer of “Transit,” a short film about love between a trans woman and a cis man, coming out in 2021.
19696	Star Armie Hammer has been a big cheerleader for a potential The Man From U.N.C.L.E. 2 and is aware of the fan demand for more 1960s spy shenanigans.
19697	" star hit headlines on New Year's Eve (December 31, 2019) amid reports suggesting she is engaged and pregnant with Kail's child, and this weekend, they made their romance official by attending the Los Angeles ceremony hand-in-hand.
19698	Starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, it tells the story of a jazz pianist and an aspiring actress who fall in love while pursuing their careers in Los Angeles.
19699	Star running back missed his third straight game and won’t be back this week.
19700	Start at your comfort level and build up gradually.
19701	Start by unplugging his gaming device and telling him to use Willpower Brain Command to rise up off his Couch Starship and stand on his two Docking Foot Modules.
19702	Startcoin (START) traded down 3.9% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0024 or 0.00000032 BTC.
19703	Started off slow, but got better as it went along.
19704	Starting guard Tabbs is expected to be back this season.
19705	Starting in the main hall using a piece of equipment called Franks Box – which gives spirits the chance to communicate through radio waves.
19706	Starting June 8, the Maui Memorial Medical Center began universal testing for COVID-19 on all patients admitted through the Emergency Department and Obstetrics patients.
19707	Starting on Friday, audiences looking for a unique little genre feature can do a hell of a lot worse than Come to Daddy.
19708	… Starting on Oct. 1, standard driver’s licenses and state IDs will no longer be valid for domestic air travel or at federal facilities if you don’t have a passport.
19709	Starting pay is just under $18/hour with potential for a pay increase in six months.
19710	"Starting the program is a big part of the battle," said Paul Merski, group vice president for congressional relations and strategy at the Independent Community Bankers of America.
19711	Star Trek: Discovery will make franchise history with its upcoming third season, by way of the universe’s first-ever transgender and non-binary characters.
19712	Star Tribune commentary editor D.J. Tice has also noticed that we have yet to assess the costs versus the benefits of the lockdown regime.
19713	Star Wars: Squadrons will land on the PC, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4 on October 2 for $39.99.
19714	Star Wars: The Force Awakens introduced Kylo Ren AKA Ben Solo (Luke’s nephew), occupying a position similar to that of Darth Vader.
19715	Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker will hit streaming on Disney+ two months early.
19716	Starz loves us too.
19717	State and federal laws surrounding the manufacturing and sale of wine, she said, also make it difficult for boutique companies to make a profit.
19718	State authorities said the practice “undermines the integrity” of the test results ArcelorMittal submits.
19719	State epidemiologist Dr. Linda Bell has largely disappeared from the public spotlight since crossing swords with Gov. Henry McMaster's office over the state's reopening plans this summer.
19720	State Gembrook MP Brad Battin helped to open the show’s official proceedings and said the weekend was all about showing people the culture and history of Berwick.
19721	State Government will provide food and accommodation to them, said a tweet by Health Minister C Vijayabaskar.
19722	State health officials have warned that reopening too quickly could reverse the trends indicating the pandemic is finally subsiding in Utah, however.
19723	State health officials said in an email that labs in Tampa, Jacksonville and Miami can conduct the tests, which previously had to be sent to federal labs.
19724	State leaders expressed confusion and concern Thursday evening after they were informed their states would receive less coronavirus vaccine doses than previously promised.
19725	Statements in this press release that are not historical in nature constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
19726	State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 73,745 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $9,106,000 after acquiring an additional 22,915 shares during the last quarter.
19727	State officials also notified hospitals that the situation is now so dire that hospitals should prepare for the possibility that they will have to resort to “crisis care” guidelines established earlier in the pandemic, which allow for rationing treatment.
19728	State police at Shickshinny charged Robert Gerald Ball, 34, with endangering the welfare of a child and custody interference of a child alleging he refused to say where his child was located to caseworkers and troopers.
19729	State regulations require us to provide a way for you to report a complaint or violation of safety procedures, which will be investigated by Pierce College personnel.
19730	State Representative Dylan Roberts is running unopposed on the Democrat ballot in District 26. Also running unopposed for the Democratic Party on the State Board of Education is candidate Mayling Simpson from Steamboat.
19731	State Street Corp now owns 3,420,357 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $31,262,000 after buying an additional 194,156 shares in the last quarter.
19732	States with overloaded health systems are graduating medical students early to address the workforce shortage.
19733	State, Treasury and the USAID would already have convened discussions with African and international counterparts to identify priorities, establish funding needs and develop action plans for presentation to heads of state.
19734	Statewide, 95 percent of tests are done by private labs, according to state data.
19735	Statewide, health officials say there are more than 200 coronavirus cases and 31 hospitalizations as of Sunday morning.
19736	Statewide Iowa — Governor Kim Reynolds says she had nothing to do with the removal of the lead spokesperson for the Iowa Department of Public Health.
19737	Statewide, more than 2,440 inmates have tested positive for the virus and more than 660 have recovered.
19738	Statewide, there have been more than 304,000 confirmed coronavirus infections and nearly 6,900 deaths.
19739	Statewide, the snow water content known as the amount of water contained in the snowpack was 9.3 inches or 90% of the Jan.
19740	State workforce officials – presently mired in involving the overpayment of jobless benefits – referred to the number of workers exiting the state’s labor pool as “sizable.”
19741	Stating that the soldiers needed to carry the battle to the enemies doors, the lawmaker said “the troops remain in the ditch waiting for Boko Haram to come so that they can repel them.
19742	Stationed at an Air Force in Missouri, Lovelace and his EMT colleague Toby decided — a decision that was very random and out of character, he says — to take a camping trip into Arkansas.
19743	Statue New In Box, Starting Bid $190 or Best Offer!
19744	Staub is up at the top of the heap with crafters like Le Creuset and Mauviel when speaking of fine French cookware, and this is a versatile piece you (or the lucky person you snag it for) will be using for decades, if not longer.
19745	“Stay away from cyberspace as much as possible, as it can be a fake and dangerous world.”
19746	Stay below and all is ok.
19747	Stay positive, be kind, take care of each other and we’ll handle the beer.
19748	Stay positive, stay off too much news, stay hydrated, stay home, and exercise to reduce anxiety.
19749	Stay safe and well folks and keep smiling, we got this.'
19750	Stay tuned for more music and excitement from the new brand in Jewish music.
19751	Stay tuned to CinemaBlend for all the biggest updates concerning the project.
19752	Stay tuned to our website, Twitter (https://twitter.
19753	Steam’s Autumn Sale has officially gone live, offering big discounts on hundreds of PC games.
19754	Stefani told DailyMail.com that the video was not staged, and she described the 'excited' reunion as 'beautiful'
19755	Steiner said she was doing fine emotionally until she started cleaning out her locker Friday.
19756	Stein was ahead by about 14,000 votes as of late Friday afternoon.
19757	Stellar (XLM) traded 1.6% lower against the dollar and now trades at $0.0634 or 0.00000730 BTC.
19758	Stenger: Although I still prefer the guitar-heavy, “proggy” Rush of the ‘70s, the move to shorter, punchier songs in the ‘80s was ultimately a good thing for Rush because it allowed them to stay relevant as a band and to continue their evolution.
19759	Stephen Curry has changed the game of basketball, and his mission to inspire transcends the world of sport.
19760	Stephen Curry plays basketball with a joy that is more important than wins and losses.
19761	Stephen Ghisyawan: Why should a man apologize for his opinion?
19762	Stephen Miller told a group of staffers during a meeting that immigration policy was ‚all I care about.
19763	Stephen was the most important thing in my life, and there was nothing I cared about more.
19764	Step one was always "Pull a length of the extra fuse they've got in there, light it by itself to see what we've got here burn time-wise."
19765	Sterility, empty homes, rootlessness, an inability to connect with other human beings, or believe in a realm beyond our increasingly meaningless world, these themes are masterfully depicted as the drama builds to its supernatural climax.
19766	Steris’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 30.27%.
19767	Stern was exposed to the blood of the Hulk after injecting Emily Blonsky (Tim Roth) with it; and the he last fans saw him, his head was already starting to expand - mimicking the Leader's appearance in the comics.
19768	Sterud understands business, but some of the old traditions will have to be given up – the tribe can’t do it all.
19769	Steve Levesque is the executive director of the Midcoast Regional Redevelopment Authority.
19770	Steven Brown* was £450 out of pocket after his Xbox Series X games console failed to arrive at his rural Surrey home.
19771	Steven Ford with the twins.
19772	“Steven knows what happens in all of those eight volumes,” Way said.
19773	Steven Naismith has the experience Scotland will need in March.
19774	Steven Richtmyer is a graduate of Rider University and a gaming contributor for ScreenRant.com. Based in New Jersey, Steven has worked and written for his school paper during college and he also worked as a barista at a local coffee shop.
19775	Steven Spielberg's adopted 23-year-old daughter Mikaela has revealed she is working as a porn star, while opening up about the sexual abuse that she suffered as a child.
19776	Stevens was effectively performing a real-time market survey for his hotels, and for Las Vegas.
19777	Stevie, no need to say you’re sorry.
19778	Stewart asked if there is money in the proposed budget to hire a permanent town manager and police chief, which are currently filled in the interim.
19779	Stewart is being held on a $1 million bond.
19780	Stewart says she has introduced a resolution to the village board to pass in support of civil rights and has posted links on her trustee Facebook page to educate people about the Black Lives Matter movement.
19781	Stidham ran the ball 17 times for 88 yards in four preseason games last season.
19782	Stifel Nicolaus dropped their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $255.00 to $183.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, March 24th.
19783	Still a chance here though.
19784	Still, at least it meant some folk were actually on Union Street.
19785	Still, authors of the new study suggest their findings will help plant scientists developed new strategies for engineering greater resiliency among C3 crops.
19786	Still, bars, restaurants and places of worship remain closed at least until May 18, the current date when the stay-at-home order is set to end.
19787	Still dancing and singing for Nepal revolution 'Comrade Pratista, 14, dances to the tune of a revolutionary…
19788	Still, experts say, a better question than who is why: the loss of Fakhrizadeh would not necessarily prevent Iran from restarting a nuclear weapons development program if it decided to pursue such a course.
19789	Still Haven’t Had a Chance to Watch the Mining Expo?
19790	Still, Hove said, some rural farmers have been able to find markets through the contact list (farmer to farmer) on the app as opposed to using the real-time markets list.
19791	Still, it’s not easy.
19792	Still, it would be best if you went for your comprehensive research before making any final purchase of the product.
19793	Still, major hurdles remain, including restoring consumer confidence, while also revamping operations to account for social distancing.
19794	Still, many of the altered provisions remain strict, including five construction workers per job site on the condition that they stay 6 feet apart.
19795	Still, only a grand more than a two week luxury prison sentence at the Ritz.
19796	Still, some in the OPEC+ group, most noticeably Russia, are eager to stick to the deal they agreed to in April and to begin reopening the taps at the start of July.
19797	Still, the 36-year-old Hamilton native flies under the radar north of the border.
19798	Still, the dangers are real.
19799	Still, the near carbon-copy statements indicated the two sides were making a concerted effort to keep the talks on track.
19800	Still, the proceedings provided fuel to other investigations of the tech companies by the Justice Department, the Federal Trade Commission and state attorneys general.
19801	Still, there have been discussions of some potential ways to speed up trials even more.
19802	Still, there have been some recent sales of US beans from ports at the Pacific Northwest as a result of logjams delaying exports from the South American nation.
19803	Still, the side effects of the showdown will reverberate for years and subsequent political eras.
19804	Still, the situation at Woodlawn may be improving.
19805	Still, the state was the first to implement broad stay-at-home measures and has managed to keep its death toll comparatively low, ranking 29th among all 50 states and Washington DC, in deaths per capita.
19806	Still, we may get a surge of new cases of the same coronavirus and this will be considered a second wave,” Bhattacharya explained.
19807	Still, with the “Hot Girl Summer” inventor and R&B princess giving your weekend life, we’ve all come up.
19808	Still, with the show’s first Jedi, Ahsoka Tano, seemingly poised to appear in next week’s instalment, and the series’ Big Bad (Giancarlo Esposito’s Moff Gideon) now hot on Mando’s tail, there’s a good chance “Chapter 13” will be more firework than filler.
19809	Still, you will consider paying an extra $15.99 a month for access to lectures such as, “P.
19810	Stinebaker also reports all the spots for election judges have been filled.
19811	STIR/SHAKEN is not a magic panacea that will immediately fix the robocall problem once operators flip the switch.
19812	Stir until the mixture is smooth and add the remaining flour, gradually mixing until a stiff but sticky dough forms.
19813	Stitch Fix had a negative net margin of 3.92% and a negative return on equity of 16.07%.
19814	St Joe’s president Melissa Farrell was a signatory to that message.
19815	St. John of the Cross referred to these days of spiritual dryness and doubt about God as “the dark night of the soul.”
19816	ST JOHN’S, Antigua - Sir Maclean “King Short Shirt” Emmanuel has defended himself against public criticisms over his failure to attend the ceremony honouring…
19817	St. Joseph’s/Candler Health System, a 636-bed hospital system in Savannah, Georgia, reopened for elective procedures in late April.
19818	St. Joseph’s Health Care London reported no COVID-19 patients in its care, while there are three active cases among health-care workers and staff at the organization, it said.
19819	St. Louis is an adult learning and continuing education centre and part of the Waterloo Catholic District School Board.
19820	St. Mary’s Spring Academy, a private school participating in the WPCP and located in Fond du Lac, is asking their families to any extra N95 Approved Masks to local hospitals and medical facilities.
19821	Stockholders of record on Tuesday, June 30th will be given a dividend of $0.98 per share.
19822	Stockholders of record on Tuesday, September 1st will be paid a $0.15 dividend.
19823	Stock holdings includes indirect ownership, including through 401(k) accounts.
19824	Stockholm, at the last meeting of EU foreign affairs ministers, was the only member state to advocate for sanctions against Beijing after it decided to tighten its grip on Hong Kong.
19825	Stocksfell sharplyagain on Wall Street Tuesday, piling on losses a day after the market’s biggest drop in two years as fears spread that the growing virus outbreak will put the brakes on the global economy.
19826	Stoltzfus got his start in film-making 30 years ago in LA: Lower Alabama.
19827	Stoned part 3. That was fun.
19828	Stone's attorneys further allege that the juror "attempted to cover up evidence" that would have disqualified her.
19829	"Stop spreading fear.
19830	Stop the S.T.U.P.I.D. war comparisons.
19831	Storage trends: What’s the best uses for Optane?
19832	Store cookies in an airtight container for up to 7 days.
19833	Storey said the church was proceeding with its legal processes.
19834	Stories of Tablighi misconduct were later denied by officials, but without the vehemence and enthusiasm with which they had first emerged.
19835	Stormare is the first person directly involved to confirm plans for a sequel, and hopefully his post is correct, though it would be strange if the actor was posting without having at least been contacted to reprise his role.
19836	Story by Jonathan Lemire and Zeke Miller, The Associated Press.
19837	Stotter confirmed Carrillo was an active duty US Air Force Sergeant and has suffered personal family loss and a traumatic brain injury which he says was not service related.
19838	St. Paul man charged in shooting death of 29-year-old in Eagan “I mean, you want to call it a pandemic?
19839	ST. PAUL – There is still state money available to Minnesotans at risk of losing their homes due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but the application deadline is looming.
19840	Stradivarius was drafting right behind Santiago but boxed in by Eagles By Day -- nowhere to go.
19841	Straight after the meeting, Jessica - who was 5ft3 and weight 118lbs (53kg) at the time - went on a "strict diet".
19842	Straight influencers like may have droves of followers, but a member of Lesbian TikTok (or other niche communities, like ) could feasibly never see them.
19843	Strang said other floors in that section have previously had confirmed cases.
19844	Stratis (STRAT) traded 0.5% higher against the dollar and now trades at $0.31 or 0.00004360 BTC.
19845	Strawberries and grapes are my favourites.'
19846	Strawberries, with their famous affinity with all things creamy, are the perfect summery subject – sweet enough to please, sharp enough not to be cloying, and perhaps the ultimate treat when it’s too hot to cook.
19847	Streaming residuals are sure to be a big focus for the WGA as well as for SAG-AFTRA in its upcoming talks.
19848	Stream it in full below via Apple Music or Spotify.
19849	Stress comes in two forms, applied and created.
19850	Striking and withdrawing, removing heads of government or other perceived enemy chiefs then packing up tools and leaving (or in drone warfare, turning off a screen and going home), achieves little – no fundamental resolution.
19851	Stromboli, the 'lighthouse of the Mediterranean', is known for its low-energy but persistent explosive eruptions, behaviour that is known scientifically as Strombolian activity.
19852	Strong national regulatory systems are critically important to ensure that when people seek treatment they receive effective medication and are safe from harm,” said Dr Matshidiso Moeti, WHO Regional Director for Africa.
19853	Struggled to leave any impression on the game after being given a chance ahead of Roberto Firmino.
19854	St. Scholastica’s hockey teams will be under the same conference affiliation as the rest of the athletic department for the first time after competing in the Northern Collegiate Hockey Association.
19855	Stu Bennett recently spoke with where he discussed his future in professional wrestling in detail and how he feels about WWE.
19856	Students also should review local policies, as communities across the state, including State College Borough, have passed or are exploring mask-wearing ordinances that could include warnings or citations for those who do not comply.
19857	Students and staff will have their temperatures checked and must wear masks and practice social distancing of at least 6 feet, Burlinski said.
19858	“Students are often put in an apartment with three other people who are likely not culturally the same as them.
19859	Students aspiring for seats in professional courses such as engineering, farm sciences among others will appear for the test which will be conducted over a span of three days.
19860	Students attending Oregon Coast Community College know that havoc all too well.
19861	Students can transfer credit hours toward bachelor’s degrees or earn associate degrees or workforce program certificates that provide the training they need for employment.
19862	Students in hostels should confine themselves to the hostel or will be allowed to go home.
19863	Students in lower grades may not be required to wear masks in the guidance by the state and there are cases where wearing protective equipment could adversely affect a child’s education.
19864	Students may opt for distance learning.
19865	Students must sanitize their hands every time they enter the school and the grades aren't supposed to mingle with each other.
19866	Students of the art university will propose other designs following advice from medical personnel regarding the appropriate material for the masks and their proper usage.
19867	Students quite often don’t know how to effectively set reasonable goals, manage their time, take notes, study for tests, ask for help in constructive ways or plan and carry out research projects.
19868	Students return to school for orientations on Sept. 10 and 11, before regular classes restart on Sept. 14.
19869	Students role-play 19th-century ideas of 'What America Needs'
19870	Students shared their research with other participants, along with professionals from the fields of agriculture, public policy and education.
19871	“Students tell me and faculty tell me, no matter what side of the political spectrum they come from, they’ll always attend the Federal Society events, because they have the best food and the best alcohol.”
19872	Students will switch to Digital Learning until the school reopens.
19873	Studio Ghibli is looking to not only remain in the world of anime, but also has plans to open up an amusement park that will take patrons into the different worlds created by the animation house.
19874	Studios graphic novel.
19875	Study finds surge in Aussies gaming amid reports cases of repetitive strain injury & haemorrhoids will soon follow suit.
19876	Stumbling upon a reference to was an unexpected delight.
19877	St Ursula’s recently held their third annual blood drive and those at the school were eager to contribute.
19878	St. Vincent Medical Center near downtown Los Angeles.
19879	“Style” was another pop-perfection song from that have become Swift’s fourth no.
19880	Subair added, “The implementation will be coordinated by a State Committee as approved by Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq with representatives of Aliko Dangote Foundation.
19881	Subaru, like Toyota and a few others, now offers much of its safety equipment standard across its lineup.
19882	Submarines have long been seen as a way to give the U.S. Navy an advantage in a potential conflict with China, but at issue is the fact that the Submarine Forces' fleet is declining as the aging class attack submarines are being decommissioned.
19883	Subscribers of Globe and TM now have free data access to the TESDA Online Program (TOP), which they can visit even without load.
19884	Subscription monies of £59,375 have been received by ECR in respect of the exercise of these warrants, the group added.
19885	Subsequently, I found a recipe online in which the recipe writer advised cooking fresh spinach down to a more compact size before adding it to the lasagna.
19886	Subsequently, international observers condemned the Chief Elections Officer, Lowenfield’s false report and are mobilizing to take action.
19887	Subsequently, on August 7, the deferment was extended till the opening of the schools, with the stipulation that the name of any student shall not be struck off for non-payment of school fees.
19888	Subsequently, the judge announced that Mohamoud Bulle Mohamoud, 52, the ministry's director of administration, had been sentenced to 18 years in prison and also ordered him to pay a fine of $2,366.
19889	SUBZ will also have credible disruptive potential.
19890	Success, and a distinctive contribution, will now depend of the implementation of an added-value focus on sustainability, high socio-economic and environmental standards and a level-playing field.
19891	Successful supply chain management depends upon coming up with a detailed warehouse management system.
19892	'Success is not built on success.
19893	Such a foreign policy brings only bankruptcy—moral and financial.
19894	Such a move would antagonize Putin, who has concerns about the presence of extreme Islamic elements in the Caucasus, very close to Russia’s borders.
19895	Such an industry would help clean up large dump sites and reduce the pollution from coal ash run–off into waterways.
19896	Such antics almost surely wouldn’t let him stay in the White House, although the process of getting him out may be … interesting.
19897	Such a tragic loss to the world of cinema.
19898	Such careful consideration has gone into the additional items you've selected for me.
19899	Such companies employ traders with many years of experience, who are well versed in the market, manage very large investments and can make transactions themselves without the hint of a broker.
19900	Such distribution seems at minimum reckless and at worst predatory, especially when done without honest education and informed consent.
19901	Such instances amount to breach of privilege and the consequences must follow, he said.
19902	Such is the level of outrage and confusion among the general public in Iran, that fake news and bogus remedies are gaining a foothold on social media.
19903	Such laundry should also not be shaken much and individuals should avoid direct contact of skin and clothes with contaminated clothing.
19904	Such measures are normally reserved for what the company calls at-risk countries, like Sri Lanka and Myanmar.
19905	Such military strikes and populist statements damages Armenia's reputation in the International community and current Armenian government may face international military crime charges for targeting civilians in surrounding Azerbaijani cities.
19906	Such post-ballot resistance prompted the Fairness Project to revise its strategy for its 2020 Medicaid campaign in Oklahoma.
19907	Such statements are based on the Company’s operations, estimates, forecasts, and projections, but are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict or control.
19908	Such technology can perform tasks that formerly only a human could do: see, identify patterns, inform decisions and respond with actions.
19909	Sucks Obama/Biden built those cages, huh?
19910	Suddenly the squirrel lunges, covering the 4ft between us in one springing leap.
19911	Sudeep Taksali's daughter, 8, whom NPR is not naming to protect her medical privacy.
19912	Suffering livestock and dying plants are trademarks of the worst drought.
19913	Sugar mills and exporters claim that because of the government’s policy, the sugar industry will lose the international market it has created.
19914	Suheldev: The King Who Saved India, based on the Amish Tripathi book of the same name, on Monday clarified that no actor has been approached to play the title role in the film yet.
19915	Suhoor/ Sehri is the first meal of the day and is consumed before the fast begins, while Iftar/Maghreb is when Muslims break their fast.
19916	Sui is among nearly two dozen parents who have pleaded guilty.
19917	Sukhnidh Kaur and Abhilasha Sinha’s rendition of the Iqbal Bano song is going viral, winning hearts online.
19918	Sule Lamido, a former governor of Jigawa state, has asked President Muhammadu Buhari to reflect deeply on why some of his allies abandoned him.
19919	Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 59,302 shares of the transportation company’s stock valued at $658,000 after buying an additional 41,272 shares during the period.
19920	Summer had arrived and society was beginning to reopen.
19921	Summer suggests that resistance is futile, so she’s waving her white flag.
19922	Summer towns got activity before the summer, suburbs got an influx of people, and still, New York remained closed.
19923	Summing things up, it has been a wild journey for investors in 2020.
19924	Sun also said seeing other galleries reopen and hearing enthusiastic responses from previous Contemporary Craft visitors convinced the organization to open its doors and safely welcome the Pittsburgh community into the new building.
19925	Sunday, March 29 would be the turn of Lagos State to have the makeshift ICU installed and take deliveries of testing kits and ambulances.
19926	Sunday school begins at 9:45 a.m. during the school year.
19927	Sunday’s numbers are coming later today, and they should be higher in both windows, given the star power involved, the teams, and the reality that more people will watch football on a Sunday than on a Saturday.
19928	Sun Jianfeng, the President of China's largest private air carrier Hainan Airlines, was the captain of the 11-hour flight which flew across the Pacific on November 21.
19929	Sunny Day With Temps In The Mid 80sCBS 2 meteorologist Ed Curran has the forecast.
19930	Sunny Leone has shared a video of herself making a painting being self-quarantine with a witty caption that read "It's ok to play with yourself".
19931	Sunny skies are back today with highs in the lower to mid 80s.
19932	Sunny, with a high near 83. East northeast wind around 11 mph.
19933	Sunsets come with negronis, Italian wines, panzanella, chicken Milanese and Fontina toasties, as well as spectacular views from its spot on the rooftop of a former multi-storey car park.
19934	SunTrust Banks boosted their price objective on PulteGroup from $27.00 to $32.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 12th.
19935	SunTrust Banks reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $200.00 price target on shares of eHealth in a research note on Tuesday.
19936	Super Castlevania IV was the pinnacle of this era, refining a formula which was expanded upon with Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, which included more exploration.
19937	Superintendent Jaki Whittred said: 'This is a complex investigation and we continue to have officers in the area while we work to establish the circumstances which led to the device being found.
19938	Superintendent Nelson also shared safety protocols which will be followed once students are able to return to campus.
19939	Superior Industries International has a 52-week low of $2.26 and a 52-week high of $7.30.
19940	Supermodel, 25, is '20 weeks pregnant' after reuniting with.
19941	Super Rugby Aotearoa: In-form Crusaders fullback Will Jordan dropped to bench for massive Blues clashThe Crusaders will start their top of the table clash against the Blues this weekend with arguably their best player this season on the bench.
19942	Super Rugby Aotearoa involves New Zealand’s five teams, playing each other home and away over five weeks.
19943	Supported by Junkers Ju-87 Stuka dive-bombers and artillery, the German forces crossed the border and headed for Salla, less than four miles away.
19944	Supporters argue that official recognition is long overdue on literary merits, and that putting them into the Panthéon together would send a strong message against homophobia.
19945	Supporters of a wider cleanup say the decision broke with a longstanding agreement.
19946	Supporters of Jones have sought to focus on the actions of the police; while his critics have zeroed in on his eligibility to benefit from the Sustainable Livelihoods Entrepreneurial Development (SLED) Project.
19947	"Supporting international students in tough times is not only about helping those in need, it is a longer-term investment in our economy.
19948	Supporting people through their life stages and identifying their end goal.
19949	Supporting the move, Shelar, who was also the president of the Mumbai Cricket Association, said the UAE government is ready to take the responsibility.
19950	Supporting witnesses: "I said 'no, no, no' the whole time."
19951	Support is available for those who may be distressed by phoning 1300 224 636. In an emergency call triple zero.
19952	Support the Mercury AND make your home or apartment 100 percent *snazzier* with one of these very cool Mercury cover posters!
19953	Suppose your boss offered you this - a full week's pay working only four days a week, on one condition - that you get a full week of work done in that compressed amount of time.
19954	Supprelin LA would cost around $95,000, plus the cost of implantation, the hospital's billing department told him.
19955	Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts swears in the final senator, James Inhofe, as he presides over the impeachment trial of President Donald Trump in the Senate Chamber, Jan.
19956	Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, who until Jan.
19957	Supremely confident - and not necessarily modest about his extraordinary acumen on the mound - Seaver was a 12-time All-Star who led the major leagues with a 25-7 record in 1969 and a 1.76 ERA in 1971.
19958	Surabhi Aggarwal stated in the FIR that she had purchased a membership of Amazon Prime, a paid subscription to premium services, including video streaming, by the tech giant, in February this year against a payment of Rs 999 which is valid for one year.
19959	Sure enough, in late June, Minnesota's daily COVID-19 confirmed case count started to climb back up — a trend that continued through July.
19960	Surely the lord will provide?
19961	Surely this is antithetical to democracy and you practice it,” the Governor continued.
19962	Sure, maybe he'll congratulate the SF 49's for being runner-up - from the great state of Nevada.
19963	Sure, maybe the model’s look isn’t necessarily perfect for 30 degrees and below, but it’ll do on a chilly day when the snow has yet to hit.
19964	Sure, my spam folder is mostly fake princes, MLM scams, and lenders trying to bully me into repaying my student loans.
19965	Sure, she, along with Cyndi Lauper, was at the forefront of femme-artists who would go onto making, not only major record sales, but major pop culture changes.
19966	Sure that’s great and all, but what I personally found most impressive was the world record marathon run by Jeannie Rice.
19967	Sure, this criterion may or may not be a tall glass to fill, but fortunately, we’ve done the work for you and found some amazing waterproof eyeliners that check off all of the boxes.
19968	Sure, with one of these, only second to Apple in overall slickness of product design, you can like you are using a luxury machine for a fraction of the cost, but in truth you are driving a mid-2000s BMW with a Chevy Cavalier engine.
19969	Suriname reaped 36% on its oil revenues.
19970	Surprisingly, Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone failed to blame Federico Valverde for his tackle on Morata claiming that he would have done the same as well.
19971	Surrounded by dozens of mostly male GOP state lawmakers Thursday, Lee said the bill was “a monumental step forward in celebrating, cherishing and defending life.”
19972	Surry placed four members on the Second Team: baseball’s Dillon Draughn, Colby Guy and Lamonte Johnson, and volleyball’s Jenna Simpson.
19973	Survivors of the Hiroshima atomic bomb have marked the 75th anniversary of the attack with prayers and flowers at the city's memorial to the victims.
19974	Susan passed away surrounded by loved ones.
19975	SVB Leerink assumed coverage on Amazon.com in a research report on Friday, July 24th.
19976	SVB Leerink currently has a market perform rating on the stock.
19977	Swapnil Bhansali and Anokhi Shah were married earlier this year after having been introduced by their respective aunts in early 2019.
19978	Swardson has played comedic roles in a variety of movies and TV shows.
19979	Swark-Hougaard has been isolated for about a month trying to protect herself and thought she would have her lump out by now.
19980	Sweden went with herd immunity and lost.
19981	SweetWater chief executive Freddy Bensch will continue running the subsidiary, but report to Simon and enter into a consulting agreement to last until the end of 2023.
19982	Swift and coordinated efforts are needed to restore growth in an industry that accounts for or 28% of the world’s service exports and it generates a greater impact on domestic economies than overall exports.
19983	Swift Playgrounds is Apple’s in-house coding app that allows users to learn its Swift programming language on the iPad and Mac.
19984	Swimming pools, golf courses and driving ranges, dance studios, stables and riding centres, soft play facilities, climbing walls and climbing centres will also be closed.
19985	Swissmedic’s vaccine approval came earlier than expected.
19986	Switzerland recognized Ghana as a sovereign state on the very day of its independence in 1957.
19987	Switzerland reported 6,126 new daily infections on Tuesday, down from a high of more than 9,000 last week.
19988	Sydney added just over 800,000 people over the same period to reach a population of 5.2 million, while Brisbane’s population increased by 450,000 to 2.5 million.
19989	Sydney Theatre Company artistic director Kip Williams is also thrilled the company is returning to the stage this month.
19990	Sykes’ crew needed every bit of it early on as the Warriors opened the contest dropping in seven three-point buckets to keep neck-and-neck and even lead over the opening 20 minutes before the Mustangs managed to open a 51-42 halftime advantage.
19991	Sykes said the shift changes have not been too difficult on him personally, and the introduction of the new plans and procedures has been an interesting change from normal operations.
19992	Sylvia was a Latina American gay liberation and transgender rights activist.
19993	Symbolic artificial intelligence, the classic approach to AI, has proven to be much better at reasoning and abstraction.
19994	Symptoms include a dry cough, fever, chills, chest congestion and difficulty breathing.
19995	Symptoms of polio may include fever, fatigue, headache, vomiting, neck stiffness and pains in the limbs.
19996	Synovus Financial Corp boosted its position in shares of Host Hotels and Resorts by 2.9% in the second quarter.
19997	Syria is Iran’s strongest ally in the Arab world, and Tehran sent thousands of Iran-backed fighters to join President Bashar Assad’s forces in the country’s civil war.
19998	Szabados married Carl Nielsen, a former college and minor pro defenceman, last year.
19999	Ta’al is very much a one-man movement, with no real ground presence.
20000	Tackle everyday pet hair and dirt with the Shark Rocket Ultra-Light vacuum.
20001	Taco Bell assured fans on Thursday that this is the final time this year that it will change its menu, and the removals will “make room for new innovations.”
20002	Taggert then blacked out after asking Curtis to take care of Trina.
20003	Tagwirei was added on the sanctions lists by US government over alleged support of government corruption.
20004	Tahlia’s approval for a transplant came in February, but after the novel coronavirus surfaced, the family’s plan to travel to Toronto for the operation was put on hold due to the pandemic.
20005	Taiju aims to reduce currency-hedged foreign bonds while increasing exposure to unhedged overseas notes.
20006	Taiwan in fact forewarned WHO about human to human transmission of the virus but were snubbed by WHO.
20007	TAIYUAN (Xinhua) – China has successfully launched two environmental monitoring satellites from the Taiyuan Satellite Launch Centre in northern Shaanxi Province on Sunday.
20008	Takahashi hit a Rainmaker a short time for a near fall.
20009	Take advantage of this opportunity and make an appointment for a test.
20010	Take a look at for a look at more stories by the ABC7 News I-Team.
20011	Take care of your risk appetite while you make investments.
20012	Takeda pharmaceuticals has the technology already.
20013	Take it down and paint it, then put it back up and say it's a new, better bell that has fark all to do with slavery.
20014	Take it from me, little occasions as much commenter wrath as following this publication’s style guide and referring to a woman who acts as an “actor”.
20015	Take me to the hospit--oh, sorry."
20016	Taken by itself, this trademark submission meant nothing.
20017	Taken into care five years later, he was too scared to give evidence at his mother's 1995 trial and was plagued by nightmares and psychiatric problems his entire life.
20018	Taken together these cases offer what may be preliminary scientific evidence of high-speed, high-stakes underwater duels that had previously been confined to fisherman's tales.
20019	Taken together, the work reveals that a temperate rainforest—like the kind of coniferous rainforest found in parts of New Zealand or the United States’s Pacific Northwest—existed around 900 kilometers (560 miles) from the Cretaceous-period South Pole.
20020	Taken with the 27th pick of the draft out of Mississippi State, Abram was a vocal and memorable presence on ahead of the season, but his time during the season lasted all of one game with five tackles and a pass defensed to show for it.
20021	Take research on the Permanent Voters Card issued to eligible Nigerians for elections.
20022	Take Steve and Linda’s word for it.
20023	Take Sunday night, for example.
20024	“Take their money,” Trump told NBC News the following year, justifying backing the kingdom’s rulers after journalist Jamal Khashoggi’s murder sparked global uproar.
20025	Take their recruitment in summer 2019.
20026	Take the pan off the heat and stir a few times to release some of the steam and then whisk in the reserved egg yolks one by one.
20027	"Take this useless world" somehow just has the energy to get anyone up from bed or out of the grave, leaving little to no ambiguity as to how Dio got together the forces that he did.
20028	Take turns with another driver on road trips.
20029	Taking a different view is Maimane’s former party, the DA.
20030	Taking inventory with $100,000 is the Waabnoong Bemjiwang Association of First Nations to finish building an asset management tool for its six member First Nations.
20031	Taking that script, MV Creations in 2008 produced a full 22-page comic book, adapted by and drawn Emiliano Santalucia, with colors by Val Staples.
20032	Taking to Twitter, WWE announced that it has "come to terms on the release of Jack Gallagher (Jack Claffey)."
20033	Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said in a tweet that fighters were not involved in the blast.
20034	Talisa Pillay takes a selfie at the Moscow Kremlin.
20035	“Talking Dolls” was a movie that addresses societal issues like sex abuse and its attendant problems and was cast in London.
20036	Talking to ABC radio, he said: "If you are coming from interstate and you have family in one of those areas, we would prefer you not to come and visit that area and potentially take the virus back."
20037	“Talking vaguely about transition plans doesn’t cut it.
20038	Talks about jail operations, slim budgets, SPLOST projects, courthouse security upgrades and higher standards.
20039	Talk to me about how their relationship flourishes; how it starts off and then flourishes throughout the film.
20040	TALLADEGA, Ala. — Ryan Blaney held onto the lead after a restart with two laps to go Monday, earning his second straight win at Talladega Superspeedway on a day that began with NASCAR drivers throwing their support behind Bubba Wallace.
20041	Tamannaah looked gorgeous in thigh-high costume when she walked the ramp on Saturday evening, 14 March.
20042	Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Edappadi K. Palaniswami on Sunday apprised Prime Minister Narendra Modi of the steps being taken by the State government against the spread of COVID-19.
20043	Tamil Nadu Governor Banwarilal Purohit on Sunday tested positive for Covid-19 days after 87 persons posted at the Raj Bhavan in Chennai had contracted the contagious infection.
20044	Tamil Nadu launched its first plasma bank to treat Covid-19 patients.
20045	Tamon Mark Andang Asongwe in Athens on April 26, 2020.
20046	Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach Bruce Arians a fan of Tua Tagovailoa.
20047	Tampa Bay fans have long been clamoring for a franchise quarterback to come to town, something they thought they were getting when the team drafted with the No. 1 overall pick in the 2015 NFL Draft.
20048	Tam said if we continue to have the same amount of contacts as we do now, the curve is expected to increase steeply.
20049	Tanagra, another of the mining companies targeting indigenous lands, is a prospecting subsidiary for parent company and global mining giant Anglo American.
20050	Tan doesn’t think many people will volunteer.
20051	Tan set out to make her own answer to Jean-Luc Godard’s “Breathless,” a personal and playfully experimental road movie set on an island nation it takes only 40 minutes to drive across.
20052	Tanzania had resorted to spending money from its coffers to finance the project which up to its completion is estimated to cost about $7.6 billion.
20053	Tanzanian police officers patrol outside Garagara Playground polling station in Mtoni, Zanzibar, on October 28, 2020.
20054	Tanzania’s electoral commission said Wednesday evening they had not received complaints about incidents of ballot stuffing.
20055	Tanzania's virus cases tally 'could be 20,000 higher'
20056	TANZANIA will continue to use its diplomatic expertise in spearheading efforts to ensure Burundi realises its dream of becoming a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).
20057	Taoiseach Leo varadkar commenting on the latest episode of the ongoing health crisis once again pointed to previous governments as the reason why there are not enough beds available, forcing patients onto trolleys.
20058	Taped on the 30th anniversary of the show’s original series premiere, and directed by Marcus Raboy (Whitney Cummings: Can I Touch It?
20059	Tara loves good food, great tea, herbal medicine, nature and being a mom.
20060	Tarek Garden, the five-storey building, was about 10 years old and had over 45 flats.
20061	Target Black Friday:Target is offering deals on games as well as a $10 discount on an Xbox One controller with the purchase of a console.
20062	Targeted firearm operations conducted by various police stations in KwaZulu-Natal during January 2020 resulted in the seizure of 368 firearms.
20063	Taro Kono and South Korean foreign minister Kang Kyung-wha, the State Department said in a press release on Monday.
20064	Task force members include Katrina Johnson, cousin of Charleena Lyles, who was killed by Seattle police in 2017, and Andre Taylor, brother of Che Taylor, who was killed by Seattle police in 2016.
20065	Tate & Lyle is a global provider of solutions and ingredients for food, beverage and industrial markets.
20066	Taunting the Queen Mother about her unpopularity and pointing out that she was surrounded by enemies on all sides, Olenna wondered if Cersei thought she could take them all out by herself.
20067	Tavengwa had his arm ravaged by the dog.
20068	Taxback International which summarizes changes to VAT rules and regulations across the globe.
20069	Tax payers money is being misused in Zambia.
20070	Taxpayers shouldn’t have to foot a multi-million dollar bill for an inquiry that isn’t in their best interests.
20071	Taxpayers will fork out at least £156 million due to the collapse of Thomas Cook, a report by the Whitehall spending watchdog has found.
20072	Taya pinned Rosemary with a double chicken wing into a face first slam.
20073	Tayla Frances Roden, 26, of Henning, was headed north on state Highway 29 in a Ford Focus that rear-ended a Chevy Silverado that had slowed to turn left into a business near Douglas County Road 13 west of Carlos.
20074	Taylor acknowledged “nightmare traffic” with “accidents all the time” due to traffic coming to a complete stop.
20075	Taylor is expected in the ring sometime around 10pm, and the entire card — including her main event — is also available to watch for free on the Sky Sports Facebook page, the Sky Sports YouTube channel, and on the Sky Sports website.
20076	Taylor is represented by Kirsty McLachlan at David Godwin Associates.
20077	Taylor, meanwhile, defended his agency.
20078	Taylor Rodriguez, whose body was found in a wooded area off Twin City Highway last week, likely died from a stab wound to the upper thigh area, Port Arthur Police Det. Mike Hebert said.
20079	Taylor Swift calls out Soros family’s ‘shameless greed’ in beef with record co.
20080	Taylor Swift looks loved up as she locks hands with her.
20081	Taylor Swift VS Kangana Ranaut Fashion Face-Off: Who Raised The.
20082	TCD submitted a planning application for the hub this week, with a view to having the new space fully operational in the first quarter of 2022.
20083	Tcheleni, however, noted lack of enough resources to hold fresh polls might result in challenges including irregularities.
20084	TCO yet again trots out his “We had to destroy Liberalism to save the country” excuse for the total mess our leadership (and almost all senior figures) made of the party while they were in coalition.
20085	TCU football has their final conference home game against No. 15 Oklahoma State this Saturday at Amon G. Carter Stadium.
20086	TDW+Co principal Wang saw from focus groups and findings that reaching Asians in particular would be challenging.
20087	Teacher Jens Rodgaard helps students with their work at Ålholm public school in Copenhagen.
20088	Teachers can provide students with any type of needs analysis format to make them familiar with setting objectives, but leadership by example is the best criterion.
20089	Teachers, students and parents have all been instructed to wear masks as well.
20090	Teaching is not a commodified industry.
20091	“Teaching music on the web would be fine if the student is already initiated into music,” felt another connoisseur in the audience.
20092	Teams that lose a Super Bowl tend to struggle the next season, as the Rams did in ‘19.
20093	Team Visa athletes are selected based on athletic achievements, character, personal journey and alignment with VISA's brand values.
20094	Tech companies trying to plan their privacy strategy over the next year or few years will have to balance different demands from “enterprise interests, government, and consumers,” said Kamara.
20095	Tech lobbyists have nonetheless seized the moment.
20096	Technavio has announced its latest market research report titled global light-emitting diode (LED) grow lights market 2020-2024.
20097	Technological changes have enabled entrepreneurs to operate at a smaller scale, and benefit much more from networking and agglomeration economies associated with urbanisation.
20098	Technology was just in massive change.
20099	Teddy came and went from this world quickly, quietly, and peacefully on Saturday night, 20/6/2020.
20100	Ted Perkins is vice president of operations in the Midcoast Region.
20101	Ted Williams’ name came up, he doesn't say a word.
20102	Tee Higgins is not the most dynamic athlete at this deep position, but he consistently came through on the field, producing first downs and touchdowns for the prolific Clemson offense.
20103	TEEN Mom: Young and Pregnant star Rachel Beaver finally revealed the identity of her baby daddy.
20104	TEGNA Inc. (NYSE: TGNA) will host a conference call to discuss its first quarter 2020 earnings results on Thursday, May 7, 2020 at 12:00 p.m. (ET).
20105	TEHRAN, Feb. 25 (MNA) – Iranian documentary ‘Khatemeh’, directed by Hadi and Mehdi Zarei, has been accepted into the screening program of the 9th American Documentary and Animation Film Festival and Film Fund (AmDocs) in the US.
20106	TEHRAN: Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif in a message referred to the US’ background of sabotage and assassinations and warned Americans to stop aiding war crimes.
20107	TEHRAN, Mar. 08 (MNA) – Platform 13C, the fourth and the last platform of phase 13 of Iran’s South Pars gas field’s development project was installed on its designated offshore spot on Saturday evening.
20108	Tej Parikh, the chief economist at the Institute of Directors, said: “Job losses are likely to keep mounting as this turbulent year draws to a close.
20109	Telecel Zimbabwe is the country’s third largest mobile network operator.
20110	Telehealth is a growing trend throughout the healthcare industry.
20111	Telemundo got a 2 share and was sixth in total viewers with 1.11 million.
20112	Television actor Sameer Sharma was found hanging from the ceiling of his kitchen on Wednesday night in Mumbai.
20113	Telstra wants the government to uncap its contribution, and also to consider contributing to the operating expenses (OpEx) cost of the towers over 10 years to make addressing blackspots more attractive again.
20114	Temperatures between 2010 and 2019 were 0.36 degrees Celsius (0.65 degrees Fahrenheit) above the long-term average, the hottest decade since records began in 1901, the Indian Meteorological Department said on Monday.
20115	Temperatures will be cool, but should be warm enough to avoid any frost threat.
20116	Temperatures will dip below average in to the upper 50s and low 60s in to next week.
20117	Temple’s passing defense has struggled to stop opposing quarterbacks this season.
20118	Temps will feel like December with highs only in the mid to upper 50s.
20119	Tenants must continue making rent payments, to the extent they can, the mayor’s office said, and those struggling with money should work with their landlords on payment plans.
20120	Ten cases were domestically transmitted, with five reported in Hubei Province, three in Jilin Province, one in Liaoning Province and one in Heilongjiang Province, the National Health Commission said in a daily report, Xinhua reported.
20121	Tendulkar, considered one of the best batsmen in the history of cricket, played for India from 1989 to 2013, an unusually long career.
20122	Tendulkar’s side will feature a star-studded top order in the form of Justin Langer, Matthew Hayden and Ponting, who scored thousands of runs in Australia’s Test side during their decorated careers.
20123	Ten-hour workdays are even harder than they sound, but the prize is a three-day weekend and some people are willing to pay the price.
20124	Ten houseguests, each with a dark secret, are trapped on an isolated island with a diabolical killer.
20125	Tennessee’s defense had two interceptions of Jackson, who also lost a fumble, and the Titans stopped Baltimore on fourth-and-1 twice.
20126	Tenney said she’s focusing on her accomplishments during her two years in Congress, including backing the GOP’s huge 2017 tax cuts.
20127	Tennis star Naomi Osaka opens up about why she ‘has to be the best’
20128	Ten o’clock at night is our busy hour.
20129	Tense protests over the death of George Floyd raged for a fifth consecutive night on Saturday in cities across the US, from Philadelphia to Los Angeles, with police cars set ablaze and reports of injuries mounting on all sides.
20130	Tension had persisted between Mr. Mahathir and Mr. Anwar over the prime minister's promise to one day hand power to the younger man.
20131	Tensions erupted in a failed coup in May 2015, setting off a deadly chain of events from which the military has never recovered.
20132	Tensions surrounding the fatal shooting follow a global reckoning over police tactics and racial injustice that stem from the death of on May 25 under the knee of a white Minneapolis police officer.
20133	Tens of thousands of meteorites have been found on Earth, yet, of these only about 40 can be traced back to a parent asteroid or asteroidal source.
20134	Ten thousand gallons of wastewater entered an area of mangroves just west of the treatment plant.
20135	Ten years ago I never thought that I would look forward to the youth deer season as much as I do now.
20136	Te'o played four seasons (2013-2016) for the Chargers, starting 34 games, before coming to the Saints in 2017.
20137	Terms for ARMs are usually 30 years.
20138	Terrance L. Queen, 30, Superior, disorderly conduct, stay of adjudication on one year of probation.
20139	Tesco currently has more than 41,000 staff members off work.
20140	Tessa Gregory, a lawyer for Leigh Day, who acts for Yar, said her client wanted to discover what had happened over 9 years ago.
20141	Testers can make sure everything works on different configurations of hardware and software and report when things do not.
20142	Testing for Covid-19 was administered three times just to be sure.
20143	Testing in Afghanistan has been intermittent and a few of the infected have been concealing their symptoms, in part due to neighborhood stigma.
20144	Testing is available 9 a.m.-4 p.m., Monday through Friday.
20145	Testing of people with symptoms at the state's prisons and New York City jails revealed thousands of COVID-19 infections among incarcerated individuals and guards, who called on the state and New York City to act at a Tuesday legislative hearing.
20146	TET examinations in India are conducted every year by the respective conducting bodies.
20147	Tether (USDT) traded 0.1% higher against the dollar and now trades at $1.00 or 0.00011615 BTC.
20148	Texas doctor who downplayed vaccines wants to reopen so virus can ‘go through’ population ‘kids first’
20149	Texas education officials announced Tuesday that face coverings will be mandatory for students older than 10 years old and that school districts must offer on-campus learning to any family that wants their child in a classroom.
20150	Texas passed that same threshold earlier this week with more than 5 million votes cast so far in 2020 to 4.69 million cast for Trump in 2016.
20151	Teza Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Donnelley Financial Solutions during the second quarter worth $87,000.
20152	Thai dairy organisation buy more milk from farmers affected by coronavirus.
20153	Thailand had been free of local COVID-19 infections for 40 days and ranked 97th by the number of confirmed cases.
20154	Thailand’s undoubted success in all but eliminating Covid-19 infections within its borders may ultimately end up being a hindrance as much as a help when it comes to rehabilitating this key sector.
20155	"Thales is offering a lightweight four-axis solution that enables permanent aircraft stabilization, eliminating the traditional dedicated flight control computer.
20156	Thanjavur-based Sastra University has decided to launch its online classes from March 23, said its Vice-Chancellor S. Vaidhysubramanian.
20157	Thankfully, he reined it in for the second run on the chorus and hit it right in that sweet spot.
20158	Thankfully I had a fantastic teacher, one of Gordon's behind-the-scenes sous chefs, who walked me through the process step by step and in great detail.
20159	Thankfully, Newegg is ahead of the curve on this one with its Black Friday Price Protection guarantee.
20160	Thankfully, places such as Amazon and Kijiji are prohibiting the use of their sites as reselling areas for these people.
20161	Thankfully the impacts of the storm to our state have been downgraded but we must remain vigilant this hurricane season, which has been very active so far.
20162	"Thankfully, with the help of shop staff, the victim was able to escape and the pair have now been brought to justice."
20163	“Thank goodness that I live near Boston and Dr. Riesenburger was there.”
20164	Thanks for all of your hard work, and another great primary issue!
20165	Thanks for all you do for all of us.
20166	Thanks for all your efforts by wishing him.
20167	Thanks in advance," she said.
20168	Thanks to advances in laser technology, a number of attosecond experiments have been performed with ultrashort laser pulses.
20169	Thanks to a press release distribution service, you will have no problem promoting your business online and at the highest possible level.
20170	Thanks to everyone who shared our information.
20171	Thanks to him, KXIP managed 40 runs in the last three overs after CSK, opting to field, choked their middle-order for runs.
20172	Thanks to Mullion Coastguard Rescue Team for the back up.
20173	Thanks to my mom and dad and the neighborhood.
20174	Thanks to the developers reinventing the wheel while while still emphasizing that cyberpunk feel, this was a hit.
20175	Thanks to the ever present crowd of court jesters, appointment seekers, blackmail merchants, rent seekers and hangers on, who are always ready to laugh hysterically even when a joke is overly husky and boring.
20176	Thanks to the online fan event DC FanDome, has been all over entertainment news headlines for the past few days.
20177	Thanks to the UK government, who today announced they'll support our work, the super six will start their basic training.
20178	“Thanks to wise financial planning over the years by the city manager and his financial team, at the direction of mayor and council, the city is positioned to not just weather the storm, but return even stronger,” she said.
20179	Thank you Allan Gibson of Cherrybrook for wishing Granny an early 73rd birthday greeting.
20180	Thank you for responding, mister.
20181	THANK YOU JEHOVA" Bona posted on her Instagram with the picture of the new car which had ribbons around it.
20182	Thank you, Sam. I had the same thoughts as you, but I thought I might have been screwed up.
20183	Thank you to all donors for helping us raise more than US$1.7 billion at the to scale up life-saving assistance for people in Burkina Faso, Mali and Niger.
20184	Thank you to everyone that got their coverage of this week’s game, and throughout this entire season, right here at The Daily Norseman!
20185	Thank you Woodstock Union High School and Middle School.
20186	“That actually means that we have a lot more resources as a country to support those who have been laid off,” he said.
20187	That a four-year-old has to practice being quiet and hiding under a table, that is just not okay.
20188	That aid has stalled in the Republican-controlled Senate.
20189	“That Albert sensor is monitored 24/7 by a third party, and that would detect any attempts to deface our websites,” said Pierce County Auditor Julie Anderson.
20190	That all changed this year and we got everything,” Keely told The Irish Independent at the time.
20191	That all changes when she meets Sazan.
20192	That alone can stimulate people to have a few more drinks,” said Mayo Clinic Health System physician, Daniela Hurtado, M.D., Ph.
20193	Thatâ€™s 183.5 percent above last yearâ€™s average.
20194	Thatâ€™s why these games are so important, to help him continue to grow,” Gase said, via Ralph Vacchiano of SNY.
20195	That atrocious package.
20196	That began a string of big shots that kept pushing the game on and on.
20197	That began to change under Steven Sample, the USC president from 1991 to 2010.
20198	That being said, there is no guarantee that the X60 will find its way into the 2021 iPhones, but like we said, given that Apple could be working with Qualcomm for a while, it wouldn’t come as a surprise if it did.
20199	That "buys precious time," Murphy said.
20200	That came from Joe Raymond.
20201	That caused futures, which typically trade in lockstep with the London spot price, to soar to a premium of as much as $US70 an ounce.
20202	That caused them to do some offseason soul-searching, according to of The Athletic, and they determined Rivers was part of the problem.
20203	That changed on Wednesday night, went Mr Kelly pulled back the curtain, revealing a naive and impulsive president who he says, in so many words, just doesn't get it.
20204	That changed when we had been living in our flat for about three months.
20205	That cities or densely populated regions are all going to clear out, I think, seems unlikely.
20206	That class is loaded this season, but the Cavemen will be right up there again.
20207	That code handles all aspects of the virus: how it looks, how it operates, how it replicates, etc. Every time a new bit of virus is created, that genetic code is copied.
20208	“That could help with physical distancing, especially where people wait in line for businesses that are following new capacity guidelines,” said Walsh.
20209	That could show where the rest of the country, as temperatures rise, is heading.”
20210	That culture of secrecy means we can’t hold the voting body to account when they leave actors of colour and female directors off their ballot.
20211	That day, one sister mentioned a political proposition that was up for a vote in her state.
20212	That day the Nazi dictator informed the Reichstag, or parliament, that he had “resolved to speak to Poland in the same language” that Poland had used armed force for months before the onset of fighting.
20213	That decision was due largely to a nationwide shortage of masks.
20214	That desire makes a strong case that Mr. Sinister’s cape is the hottest costume in the MarvelUniverse.
20215	That diagnosis requires at least six months of symptoms, a benchmark most long haulers haven't yet reached.
20216	That did not feel like an almost seven-minute song.
20217	That didn’t stop him from being categorized as such despite being one of the most popular albums of the year.
20218	That DIY aesthetic carried onto their next video, “Out Of Style.”
20219	That doctor would face ouster from the medical board.
20220	That does not mean the post-coronavirus world will be different beyond recognition.
20221	That doesn’t just suddenly change.”
20222	“That doesn’t make us anti-Semitic, it means that we are critiquing the global power.
20223	That doesn’t mean that antisemitic ideas never appear among left wing people.
20224	That doesn’t mean the Supreme Court is insignificant or has nothing to do with their lives.
20225	That doesn’t mean you need to cheerfully ignore it if someone’s standing in your personal space or resort to pie-in-the-sky, Pollyanna-style “Well, we’re all trying our best, so I won’t say anything” thinking.
20226	“That doesn’t reflect the students, and that doesn’t reflect the place we’re at,” he says.
20227	That duality is important.
20228	That evening, Jelani Cobb, winner of the 2015 Hillman Prize for Opinion and Analysis Journalism for his New Yorker columns, will present an endowed lecture at 7:30 p.m. in Cole Hall.
20229	That everyone will wear masks, socially distance, and that all staff will be there.
20230	That experience was the biggest part of helping my confidence.”
20231	That fear of being caught out remained with me as I grew older.
20232	That felt as though from a different age, particularly when the star quality of their current line-up was factored in.
20233	That figure is roughly in line with the sales achieved for the PS4 when it was launched seven years ago.
20234	That figure will likely be reduced this year, however, chief executive Richard Lewis warned earlier this week.
20235	That film changed the mythology of the series in a big way, by having both Chucky and Tiffany essentially make copies of their own souls, which are now spread across multiple human and doll bodies.
20236	That financial boon will be coming to Arlington for at least one year.
20237	That firm is Hyliion, a company that up until now has remained outside of the reach of investors in publicly-traded securities.
20238	That first day, after he ran out of food, Gonzalez stayed up until 4 a.m. prepping for the next day.
20239	That food has already run out, and another nearly 180,000 pounds will soon be distributed.
20240	“That, frankly, is a victory from the situation it has been in.”
20241	That fueled his desire for another run because he did not want to go quietly into the racing night.
20242	That gives a representation of what a “natural” site feels like compared to in-field conditions.
20243	That has been dismissed by the auditor general.
20244	That has left them more vulnerable to a locust plague of this scale, along with nearby countries like Uganda and South Sudan.
20245	That hasn’t proved a big boom for Intel, notes Kevin Krewell, principal analyst with Tirias Research.
20246	That, he says, is his purpose in life.
20247	That he would become more enraged and embittered, more desperate and despondent, more consumed by his grievances.
20248	That horrific showing against the Eagles made the Cowboys sour on DiNucci.
20249	That I didn’t exist.
20250	That I don’t think of you and miss you and yes, still cry.
20251	That includes 6-foot post players Claire Dougherty, a sophomore, and freshman Hailey Kline.
20252	That includes loss of jobs and income.
20253	That includes the consumption of live animals specifically raised for the purpose of sale to Chinese tourists.
20254	That includes toys.
20255	That information is 40 years old, but it just keeps repeating itself.”
20256	That is 2.2 million acres more than the 10-year average.
20257	That is a higher proportion than in the Supreme Soviet of the defunct USSR, and a lower turnover rate than in Britain’s hereditary House of Lords where people lose their seats only by dying.
20258	That is also absolutely normal.
20259	“That is a massive decision, and we didn’t feel right steering it in a way that didn’t feel organic.
20260	“That is a matter for themselves.
20261	“That is an authority that we have, and we will use it to acquire anything we need to acquire.”
20262	That is an important lesson from history.
20263	That is a simple reality.
20264	That is because they structure the actual deals, meet with the actual companies.
20265	That is doable by blocking China in the Himalayas and Indo-Pacific.
20266	That is far away from the realm of religion.
20267	"That is frightening!"
20268	That is his family’s greatness, and one no less essential than Moshe’s.
20269	That is insanely inefficient.
20270	That is in sharp contrast to the national statistic for business owners, which grew by just 1%.
20271	That is, I think, the likeliest scenario.
20272	“That is not available so now you’ve got a fantastic opportunity to substitute Paris with Penola.”
20273	That is one of the biggest challenges facing hospital staffers.
20274	That is out of about 500,000 children who are attending in-person classes at least one day a week.
20275	That is relevant – if in fact something was missed from the form.
20276	That is, *some* increase in youth turnout is likely this fall no matter what.
20277	That is starting to give USD/JPY a nudge towards the 109.00 handle as the market continues to see fears surrounding the coronavirus outbreak recede for the time being at least.
20278	That is terrible, and anyone who has ever tried to sell a car on Craigslist or FB Marketplace can tell you stories about some shady characters.
20279	That is the biggest question that was not answered in the latest Power preview.
20280	That is the option that we are looking for, so click on it to expand it.
20281	That is the point of running the option.
20282	That is the reason why there needs to be real consequences for not wearing a mask while in public (besides the rona).
20283	That is why, rather than reduce, poverty has continued.
20284	That is why several countries have started their own initiatives at developing a vaccine.
20285	That is why today, Sweden and Finland are not simply average European economies, but two of the richest countries in the world.
20286	That is why tomorrow night we will once again stand on our doorsteps to applaud in awe of their heroism.
20287	That is why we need a real and honest conversation about how structural inequity and racism persist – and how they originated.
20288	That is why we want to create more trading lots to meet the number of applications.
20289	That is why you should schedule some time each day to take photographs of attractive food dishes.
20290	That kind of technical stop will be allowed in our airspace and airports.
20291	That last pic: “look, snek! am long too!”
20292	That leaves him a clear sight on goal, but his left-foot shot is well wide.
20293	"That led us toward realizing we had to have this wild fluctuation of weight.
20294	That left open a slight chance the measure could still pass once all special votes were counted next week, although it would require a huge swing.
20295	That’ll be a way to keep users appearing in the game every single day while they’re sitting at home, never moving from their couch.
20296	That’ll give the county more time to analyze the funding to make sure it’s there, Doucette said.
20297	That makes five new cases in Clark County and seven in Nevada.
20298	That mark only lasted until the 2009 world championships, when he lowered the mark to 9.58.
20299	That Max is a skilled and wealthy financial manager who can help them.
20300	That meaning can only arise through a reflection which originates in our listening to the ancient rhythms of joy which have not entirely left our bodiesrhythms which belong to the earth, community and the awareness of the sacred.
20301	That means family members could add individual photos to the shared album for everyone in the group to see on their wrists.
20302	That means it receives public funding from state and local sources, and charter schools “are held accountable through the state assessment and accountability system,” according to the North Carolina Department of Public Instruction.
20303	That means, more Justices should be appointed to the Supreme Court.
20304	That means she speaks up about diversity and inclusion around the cabinet table.
20305	That means that any high-powered cards from Jumpstart boosters could make appearances in future Legacy, Vintage, and Commander decks.
20306	That means there is no capacity to repair the damaged goods that come in.
20307	That means they pay higher production costs, Bird said.
20308	That means we need money to buy the needed equipment to secure the country.
20309	That measure will be the subject of the audit.
20310	That mentorship is what Knight looks forward to.
20311	That message looked a bit confusing after the latest letdown, and not just because the Bulls are 13-25, but because the same slipups keep happening, specifically third-quarter letdowns.
20312	That might be partly to do with kids being back in school, he says.
20313	“That might sound good on one level, but to me that says we’re not doing enough on the prevention side of things,” Aucoin says.
20314	That mission was supposed to launch in late June from pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center, but SpaceX has called off two launch attempts due to unspecified technical issues with the rocket.
20315	That multidisciplinary book was written partially in response to the murder of Trayvon Martin, and won the National Book Critics Circle Award in Poetry.
20316	That night, police contacted Margaret Swan to tell her her son was dead.
20317	That nosebleed, director Autumn de Wilde has said, is an effort to show that no matter how elegant and refined we may be, we’re composed of flesh and blood.
20318	That number came with a relatively modest 52,000 tests, suggesting the virus is spreading much faster than it had in recent weeks and months.
20319	“That number should be reflective of what is needed… (and the) immediate ability to test people and to confirm or refute a diagnosis of COVID-19 with the shortest possible turnaround time.”
20320	That October, M.B.Z. told me, he listened in amazement as an Arab head of state, meeting with his father on a visit to Abu Dhabi, dismissed the attacks as an inside job involving the C.I.A. or the Mossad.
20321	That often translates as some awareness of or sensitivity to unpredicated reaches of language, and the presence of musical features which refer to the ancestry both of poetry and of perception.
20322	That or the town dump.
20323	That plant is the location of Canada's largest outbreak tied to a single site, with 1,084 cases, representing nearly 25 per cent of Alberta's total COVID-19 cases, said a spokesperson for Alberta Health.
20324	That prayer was answered across the back line of the end zone by reserve wideout Greg Lewis, making the greatest toe-drag in state history.
20325	That prompted an outcry over the lack of diversity in its highest ranks and led to hundreds of pay complaints.
20326	'That proved pretty prescient and we're now glad we didn't overstretch ourselves.
20327	“That really stung, and I know it stung for a lot of other people in Wisconsin.”
20328	That really was an amazing matchup.
20329	That report pushed Tesla's stock up 3.7% to $446.21, bringing its gain in the past three months to about 90% in a rally fueled by a surprise third quarter profit and signs of progress ramping up production at the company's new factory in China.
20330	That run continued from the restart.
20331	That's a 116% increase in just 10 years.
20332	“That’s a critical spot.
20333	That’s a great irony of this race.
20334	That said, Anandapur DFO (wildlife) Ajit Satpathy, who is also DFO in-charge of Keonjhar division, confirmed it that a carcass of a female elephant calf had been recovered from Barabanka reserve forest.
20335	That said, gamers should be aware that Sony has published advisories about slower downloads to reduce the strain that services put on the Internet during this period.
20336	That said, if your needs are modest — maybe you just need a basic portable projector for sleepovers, presentations, a small dorm room, and so on — you can find some decent ones on the cheap.
20337	That said, I'm sure you'll argue the squandered opportunities of his 20s and 30s have already sealed his fate.
20338	"That said, Kappy is an extremely good NHL player. i don't think it should be lost that he's going off our roster and will be a great fit in Pittsburgh.
20339	That said, there was always room for improvement.
20340	That's a Labour rose wilting.
20341	That's all of them!
20342	That's all the coronavirus news we have for today.
20343	That's a load of totalitarian crap."
20344	That’s always been true early in an epidemic, from severe acute respiratory syndrome SARS, the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic and the Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak several years ago.
20345	“That’s always the way it is but that’s our journey at the moment, so we just embrace it.”
20346	That’s a matter of heated debate.
20347	That’s a measurement of how many people on average catch the disease from a single infected person.
20348	That same day, we learned that the money had run out and so many small businesses and friends in the industry who needed it most did not receive any funds," co-founders Nicolas Jammet, Jonathan Neman and Nathaniel Ru wrote in a Wednesday.
20349	"That’s a mystery that gets pretty crazy pretty fast, all through the back half."
20350	“That’s an odd environment to work in.”
20351	“That’s a possibility,” Mayer told Schefter regarding the potential use of surgical material on football facemasks.
20352	That's around $80 worth of free games.
20353	"That's a simple thing, but at least they're going to have a more accurate number of how many people are dead in these jails."
20354	That’s a tall order, to be sure.
20355	That’s bad news to Hughes, who as speaker blocked Medicaid expansion in Utah, helping to defeat Gov. Gary Herbert’s Healthy Utah plan, which Cox tried to get through the Legislature.
20356	That's because Bridgeview Mental Health Center is moving to a location that is not on the city bus route.
20357	That’s because Jennifer Graham’s SUV has U.S. plates, and due to COVID-19 concerns, many are giving her flack while she is out and about.
20358	That’s been a huge emphasis this week,” Ohio State senior attackman Tre Leclaire said.
20359	That’s been the case for last 5 years.
20360	“That’s been the story of the last four years.”
20361	That’s below Minnesota’s statewide average response rate of 70%, as well as the national average of 60%.
20362	That’s certainly something to keep an eye on, especially if the game is close.
20363	That’s certainly true at the tight end position.
20364	“That’s determined by how we conduct ourselves and how we behave,” he said.
20365	That’s easy to answer – those towns/counties have embraced the 5-star program, which you and your fellow commissioners shot down for this county.
20366	That seed grew into a vile plant, and that vile plant bore bitter fruit, and then in February, I stomped all over my bitter fruit until it was pulp on the ground.
20367	That seems to have changed with Monday’s episode though.
20368	That’s enough for residents to experience short-staffed libraries, strained parks departments and fewer road projects.
20369	That’s expecting too much from district elections; just ask the citizens of Kshama Sawant’s district in Seattle.
20370	That's falling in love with the idea of a person, not the actual person."
20371	“That’s going to be a recipe for a lot of hard work.”
20372	“That’s going to leave us with very little choice than over a protracted period of time to be looking at some really quite substantial tax rises.
20373	That's good," she told CNN.
20374	That she does so with such unfailing grace is a wonder.
20375	That should buy American time to start making money again before all those loans come due.
20376	That's how long I've been on this - which is I'm so excited that it's finally about to come out, because I need a nap.
20377	“That’s how my role has changed with the ball, coming on and being someone who can change the game by bowling aggressively or however Joe wants me to.”
20378	That’s how she won in 2014, just two years after Barack Obama beat Mitt Romney in the state by 15 points.
20379	That's how the hit Spanish heist series ended its third season.
20380	“That simply did not happen.”
20381	That’s in part because he played a ton of games at Georgia.
20382	That situation degraded to in 2019, leaving him in the lurch when it came to reliable targets downfield.
20383	That’s just a fact,” Bedard wrote.
20384	That's just one of the stupid states.
20385	That’s my theory anyway.
20386	That's nearly double the 21 percent whosay they would be more likely to vote for a Democrat for Congress, while 34 percent say it wouldn’t impact their vote.
20387	That's not bad company to be in, especially for a mobile CPU.
20388	That’s not enough for some.
20389	That’s not harmless fun; that’s utterly cruel depravity.
20390	That’s not just an aesthetic consideration, either (though LG’s balls do look sleeker than the usual misshapen nuggets freezer ice-makers typically churn out).
20391	“That’s not no genuine apology.”
20392	That's not to mention that it has a lovely serrated edge and might look subjectively more intimidating than the Toussaint Knight's Steel Sword.
20393	That snow will move northeastward towards Medicine Hat, bringing an additional 25 to 30 centimetres of snow by Sunday evening.
20394	That's often been true of some of the resources that we provide as the Gates Foundation.
20395	“That’s one of the first major steps in transparency when it comes to drone programs,” he said.
20396	That’s one practice, Langs said, he wants to bring to ACT, along with other commitments, like never having another all-white design team on any production.
20397	"That's on the coaches.
20398	That sort of thing really weighed on my mind as I have friends who have been directly affected by Covid.”
20399	That sounds like a rather emphatic 360 reversal from Biden, except that talk of “gonna shut down the virus” instead of shutting down the economy sounds like the use of a euphemism to paper over an actual national shutdown.
20400	That sounds like two guys who aren’t expecting major changes to the roster.
20401	That’s particularly important during a crisis like the COVID-19 pandemic, he said.
20402	“That’s perseverance at its best.
20403	That’s purely nonsense, so I won’t get into that matter.
20404	That’s really the only question that should matter for a program like USC, right?
20405	'That's signing a death warrant for those areas which have been on their knees since March.'
20406	That statement doesn’t seem too far off the mark these days, and it is one of the reasons why some practitioners are using the Defined Risk Strategy in place of bonds in their portfolios.
20407	"That's the biggest mistake people make, even some chefs.
20408	That's the difference a hands-on CEO can make.
20409	Thats the kind of people who are honoured in zambia.
20410	That’s the legacy of the profound familial dysfunction of the Hanovers.
20411	That’s the mission set that he laid out for all of us when we began to evaluate this now several months back.
20412	That’s the mystery wrapped inside an enigma for the upcoming offseason.
20413	That’s the scale of the difference,” he said.
20414	That’s the theory behind its preclinical program to develop a drug to reestablish a normal microbiome composition and function in children with autism spectrum disorder who suffer from gastrointestinal symptoms.
20415	That’s the way we are,” Nenquimo says.
20416	That’s the way we set this up,” Cagle said.
20417	That’s the week Wuhan authorities didn’t report a single confirmed or suspected case.
20418	That stretch was hard for me,” White said.
20419	That’s true again this year with officials calling fewer holding penalties.
20420	“That’s trying to get better personally, every day; trying to help our team, every day; and trying to win hockey games.
20421	That success is in Henderson’s thoughts ahead of this month’s clash, with a second round tie against Jonny Clayton the reward for the winner.
20422	That’s up from 300,000 reported before Christmas.
20423	That’s up from a 2 point lead in an conducted from March 22 to 25, when the coronavirus pandemic was escalating in the U.S. and most states were instituting stay-at-home orders, which had Biden at 49% to Trump’s 47%.
20424	"That's what firefighters and paramedics do."
20425	That's what I am thinking.
20426	'That's what's really annoying and I'm really angry about this whole thing.'
20427	"That's what these platforms are all about."
20428	That’s what this category is for.
20429	That's what we'll do either way."
20430	That’s what we’re hoping for.
20431	That's what we should be spending our time doing'
20432	That’s what Wizenoze is doing – we give students of all ages access to an ‘Internet for Education’,” Janknegt told TNW.
20433	That’s when parts – only parts, though – of Disney California Adventure will be reopened to the general public.
20434	That’s when she realized she had to perform.
20435	“That’s when the pups started howling and it was about the cutest thing you’ve ever seen,” she said.
20436	“That’s when they say, ‘How much?’ and ‘Oh, my gosh, how much is that again?’
20437	That's where it starts and ends.
20438	“That’s where Plan C comes in,” says Henry.
20439	That's where the HX1 is at its best: in tackling a variety of smaller cleaning jobs.
20440	That’s where they were when I moved to Dundee and it didn’t seem like they were punching above their weight.
20441	That's where we also give some of our direct instruction.
20442	That’s why health experts say more and better testing is needed, especially for people working in at-risk settings, including hospitals, schools, medical and dental offices, elder care facilities, gyms, restaurants, salons and barbershops.
20443	That’s why I have to have the data on my phone up and running.
20444	That’s why I’m wearing it now so I can get accustomed to it.”
20445	“That’s why I think we see so many disclosures on social media.
20446	That’s why she and Bonita Rosengrant from New Hampshire, who lost $30,000 from the scandal, went to speak with the Pioneer Bank president and CEO.
20447	That’s why they are used.”
20448	That's why they were plotting a way to kick Kendall out of the car.
20449	“That’s why we are here.
20450	That’s why we’re scrambling and why we’re asking you to do as much work as you’re doing.”
20451	That’s worth checking, since repairs made with unofficial or grey market parts can impact future warranty service and more from Apple, should another problem arise with your device.
20452	That technique genetic material from the swabs, and equipment and reagents to multiply that material.
20453	That toll will never be truly measured.
20454	That vehicle made its last suborbital test flight in February 2019, after which the company said it would then outfit the spacecraft’s cabin for commercial flights and make other upgrades.
20455	That victory served as the catalyst for an impressive 13-1 start to the season for the Panthers.
20456	That was a big move for the lefty, as his sinker is clearly his worst pitch.
20457	That was a big thing, too, because boredom eating is what I did a lot of.
20458	That was a bit of a mess.
20459	That was a challenge,’’ said Dr. Gupta.
20460	That was a little change that happened.
20461	“That was always my original intention, but then it was sort of subverted.
20462	“That was a new struggle compared to the sleeping arrangements back in her home country.”
20463	“That was another reason as a smaller group of players to come out and make a formal apology because it has been tough on our teammates.
20464	That was a rough week.
20465	That was counter to the historical practice of the impeachment of Clinton, what would have been the impeachment of Nixon, and the impeachment of Johnson.”
20466	That was his catalyst to return.
20467	"That was like the first time that I had actually seen a dead body.
20468	That was more than confirmed in August when a poll was released showing that a higher number of Black voters are rallying around the current Democratic ticket than they did four years ago.
20469	That was my idea in doing it in ‘Designated Survivor.’
20470	That was not the case during the 2008 financial crisis when it took Forbes’ 400 richest people three years to recoup their losses from the Great Recession.
20471	That wasn't the first one of that size I've been in, and wasn't the last one.
20472	That was our job.”
20473	That was partly because the proposed silo did not cover all the data that Google would get as part of the transiction, the commission said.
20474	That was something I felt, but what I realized with making Fonzo/Capone, is that it's not so much going in to compromise or play ball, but it's going into a situation where, hopefully, you're working with the right group of people.
20475	"That was surprising," she said.
20476	That was the least effective Wildcat call all game.
20477	That was the message Southern and Central California business leaders delivered in Sacramento this month during their second annual lobbying effort at the state Capitol.
20478	“That was the one day she didn’t give me a hug, and she never wants that to happen again,” says Herron.
20479	That was the way most agents started their career, which was a bread and butter legal source tax case.
20480	That was to last a week.
20481	That was true until June 27, 1999, when that year’s X Games were held in San Francisco.
20482	“That was why when we came into the fray 2006/2007, the mantra then was to get rid of godfathers from our political life.
20483	That week passed, too, as Trump retreated from public view while becoming ever-more-consumed with conspiracies and long-shot legal maneuvers.
20484	That we often derive sorrow from the sorrow of others is a matter of fact too obvious to require any instances to prove it; for this sentiment, like all the other original passions of human nature, is by no means confined to the virtuous and humane .
20485	That will be a big goal of mine going forward.
20486	That will be unfair to a club that is far apart from the rest on the log (a whooping 25 points gap).
20487	That work ended in December 2019.
20488	“That work just came on its own, somehow it gave birth to itself through me,” she says.
20489	That would be the time when we tell the currently Munleashing uncertainties are realistic or not.
20490	That would have the incidental effect of deferring a final decision beyond the 2020 presidential election.
20491	That would mean the Patriots could either retain Jackson on a one-year deal around $5 million or sign him to a long-term deal.
20492	That would require full knowledge and control over the transmission chain, with an effective “test, trace, isolate” system and particular care taken over protecting vulnerable and elderly individuals.
20493	The $10.7 million cost for the parcels comes from 2% of real property taxes earmarked annually for the County’s Preservation Fund.
20494	The 10% pay cut for associates, special counsel and staff earning more than $100,000 will be reduced to 5%.
20495	The 10th Amendment concerns states rights.
20496	The 10-year average rate of crimes in that category by the mid-point of the year in Regina is 21.8 incidents — just under half of what has been recorded so far.
20497	The 10-year US Treasuries yield slipped to one-week low of 1.780% compared with a high of 1.900% last Thursday and last stood at 1.793%.
20498	The 112 million euro lawsuit between UBS banker Andrea Orcel and ampicilina Santander, the lender that hired him and then changed its mind, is due in court soon.
20499	The 1163rd has a group of nurses who take pride in their jobs working in the medical field in both the Guard and in their civilian occupations including emergency rooms, intensive care units and nursing homes.
20500	• The 11th annual Surry Old Time Fiddlers Convention, scheduled for April 3-4 at Surry Community College in Dobson, has been postponed, though a make-up date has not been selected.
20501	The 131st district is just one of several decided Tuesday by Greene County voters.
20502	The 14-member core committee has a wide age bandwidth, with members aged from 30s to 70s.
20503	The 16kg bags of white bread flour, plain flour or self-raising flour will cost £9, while bags of bakery yeast will be available for 20p.
20504	The 17-year-old rapper went live on on Saturday (March 28) to answer questions from fans.
20505	The 18-year-old has made baggy clothes and her bright green roots her trademark, with her style now being copied by legions of fans.
20506	The 18-year-old Spaniard had evaded police for more than one year after allegedly taking part in the attempted murder of four individuals who were walking along Playa de Palma in S’Arenal.
20507	The 1930s structure was also used in the Second World War to manufacture vehicles.
20508	The 1980 revival was the first to cast a Puerto Rican performer as Maria, and the 2009 revival enlisted Lin-Manuel Miranda to render some of the dialogue bilingually.
20509	The 1983 team won 99 games on the way to the AL West championship — Chicago’s first playoff appearance since the 1959 Go-Go White Sox won the pennant.
20510	The 19-year-old took off down the left before cleverly pulling the ball back to just outside the six yard box.
20511	The 1st Battalion returned to Suva on 4th August, and 3rd Battalion on 6th September.
20512	"The 2000m will probably be a little sharp for him but, as we saw in the New Zealand Derby, once he gets up to 2400m I think he will be right up with the best here.
20513	The 2000s produced a lot of comedies, but these 5 films are considered underrated in comparison to these 5 overrated ones.
20514	The 2011 premiership coach said professional sportspeople should "listen to authority" in regards to the right behaviour to uphold during the coronavirus crisis.
20515	The 2013 All-Pro has made six Pro Bowls and has 59 1/2 sacks in 10 seasons.
20516	The 2015 Paris Agreement hinged on a pact between China and the United States, the world’s two biggest emitters, to cooperate on climate action.
20517	The 2015 squad was also one of the most talented in program history.
20518	The 2018 budget allocated to just feeding prison inmates, at the rate of 450 naira per day.
20519	The 2018 National Demographic and Health Survey (NDHS) report revealed that if fertility were to remain constant at current levels, a woman in Nigeria would bear an average of 5.3 children in her lifetime.
20520	The 2019 Veteran Suicide Mortality study released in June 2020 looks at veteran suicide over a 39-year period, from 1976 to 2014.
20521	The 2020/2021 expedition comprises researchers of the the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus, Belarusian State University and other organizations of the country.
20522	The 2020-21 campaign will start on September 12 and while the Canaries are without several key men for the trip to Manchester, the majority are expected to be fit for the new season.
20523	The 2020 election takes place during a time of great change in Guyana, when many are hoping for an economic windfall from the discovery of oil.
20524	The 2020 grand prize winner of the will find himself or herself in Nashville for a “dream co-write” with Dallas Davidson himself next year.
20525	The 2020 Mid-South Farm & Gin Show app provides up-to-the-minute information for show attendees.
20526	The 2020 presidential and Senate elections likely will take place as the world’s largest economy is still attempting to climb back from the deadly outbreak.
20527	The 2021 Lexus LC 500 Convertible is a vehicle built with beauty in mind.
20528	The 2021 World Cadet, Junior and Under-21 Championships in Turkey has also been postponed and is now set to be staged in 2022.
20529	The 20 sites in greater Philadelphia are testing about 1,000 people a day, but that hasn’t cleared the pent-up demand.
20530	The 20th century brought us panics over television, multiple genres of music from heavy metal to rap, not to mention violent video games and online pornography.
20531	The 21-year-old is a goalscoring midfielder, much like his new manager was during his playing career, and Havertz8 revealed that working under Lampard was a major draw for him.
20532	The 21-year-old son of Will and Jada Pinkett Smith debuted the title during a 2018 show, and judging by his delivery and Tyler’s reaction, the gesture seemed more symbolic than literal.
20533	The 23-year-old Podoroska, who was ranked at 255 at the start of the season, has now won 42 matches across all tours in 2020 despite the truncated season.
20534	The 24th COVID-19-infected patient who has died over the last 24 hours had multiple underlying diseases, Marina Endeladze from Tbilisi Hospital of Infectious Diseases said.
20535	The 24-year-old left-hander loses his off-stump to the first ball of the 27th over.
20536	The 25th anniversary of Diana telling the world via Bashir that she believed there were “three people in the marriage” in reference to her then husband Prince Charles’s relationship with Camilla Parker Bowles is upon us.
20537	The 25-year-old leaned on his superior swimming ability down the final 25 metres to best short course specialist the Belarusian Ilya Shymanovich and touched the wall in a world-record time.
20538	The 25-year-old man was arrested at the scene in Forbury Gardens.
20539	The 25-year-old was grazed by a gunshot on the chest.
20540	The $26,380 XSE has synthetic leather upholstery, a power sunroof, HD radio, and navigation; options include ambient lighting, premium nine-speaker audio, and wireless smartphone charging.
20541	The 26-year-old forward has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp since the arrival of Ronaldo Koeman in the summer.
20542	The 26-year-old then got into an argument with the police officer and the altercation turned into a fight, which resulted in Ostraly’s arrest and detention.
20543	The 26-year-old woman said that she will take her son to a doctor only after reaching home.
20544	The 27-year-old American is the favourite among the bookies, but his brash style means he is not always a favourite among the patrons, although they will be absent this year of course.
20545	The 27- year-old suspect was arrested after an attempted murder.
20546	The 287(g) program allows Prince William County to verify the immigration status of suspects who are arrested and charged with a crime.
20547	The 28-year-old Gugu Gumede showed up wearing a green dress that left nothing to the imagination.
20548	The $300 per week bonus jobless benefit was one half the supplemental federal unemployment benefit provided under the $1.8 billion n March and would be limited to 11 weeks instead of 16 weeks.
20549	The 300 Sport kicks that up to 296 horsepower, courtesy of a mild-hybrid upgrade.
20550	The 31-year-old suspect was taken to a local hospital with two gunshot wounds to the arm, the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department said.
20551	The 325 new cases reported Friday bring the total number of cases in Utah to 13,577.
20552	The 32-year-old Scot first got into comedy while he was studying law at Edinburgh University and is now a regular on the standup circuit, having toured all over the UK as well as appearing at the Edinburgh Festival.
20553	The 33-year-old stunner showed off the provocative look in three gripping photos that saw her posing on an elegant outdoor terrace that was suspended above water.
20554	“The 34th CTS sets the standard with GFLR exercises,” Peters said.
20555	The 35-year-old had a rope strapped to her waist and tied to the stroller, as her daughter seemed to be enjoying the ride.
20556	The 35-year-old London Olympics foil gold medallist will go for glory again at the Tokyo Olympics next year, but stunned his fans last week when he made a tweet revealing the nature of his new job.
20557	The 37-year-old added that Strictly was "the best show on TV", and it had been "an absolute dream and honour" to be a part of it.
20558	The 37-year-old boxer recently took to her social media pages to discuss how the pair have received abuse for being both lesbians, and in an inter-racial relationship.
20559	The 37-year-old midfielder faced both players many times during his time at Chelsea and was at a point a teammate of Ronaldo when he joined Real Madrid.
20560	The 38-year-old said: “There are a couple of rooms upstairs I could fit six people into.
20561	The 39-year-old American author has built a cult readership with mordant stories about alienated female outsiders written in a flat, disaffected voice.
20562	The 39-year-old mother of one updated her on Tuesday with a sizzling pic of her muscle-toned bod for her 10.1 million followers.
20563	The 3M 9210 NIOSH-approved N95 Respirator mask was found to be 98 per cent effective.
20564	The 3rd and 11th Divisions were allocated to defend the Asiatic side of the straights.
20565	The 40 Best Music Videos of 2019 You Probably Missed Part 4:.
20566	The 40-year-old, from Bicester, said: 'I have seen the effects of the virus first-hand and how it has taken the lives of many people, both old and young.
20567	The 40-year-old plant in the central North Dakota town of Underwood is a bastion of the regional economy.
20568	The 41-year-old prince wed Sofia Hellqvist, now 35, in June 2015.
20569	The 42-year-old actress said on Thursday's episode of The Show that Tyler, the lead singer of Aerosmith, is sweet but not a typical grandfather.
20570	The 42-year-old star waited outside for her son to say goodbye to his half siblings Amelia, six, and Theo, three, and stepmum Emily, 30, so that she could whisk him away to his second party.
20571	The 45-year-old motorist from Poland crashed his car into another vehicle containing five other people from the same country.
20572	The 46-year-old Boys Don't Cry actress and her 33-year-old art gallery beau enjoyed a leisurely post-holiday outing with their eight-month-old son.
20573	The 47 apps that have been banned by the latest decision of the government are said to be clones of the 59 apps that were banned last month.
20574	The 49ers can rotate defensive linemen like a hockey coach shifts his lines.
20575	The 49 year-old from Leicester, played most of his football with clubs in the lower leagues in England.
20576	The 4-episode series focuses on a decade of the band's history with live performances, behind-the-scenes footage and exclusive interviews.
20577	The 50 meter sized rock that made Meteor Crater, AZ would make more sense.
20578	The 50 million tonnes of e-waste generated every year will more than double to 110 million tonnes by 2050, making it the fastest growing waste stream in the world, according to the author of a UN report.
20579	The 55-kilometre tour will be offered every Thursday evening at 6:30 p.m. and last approximately 90 minutes.
20580	The 55-year-old is immunocompromised because of several serious health issues and is worried about going out to get groceries.
20581	The 5-9, 197-pound Curie grad made a name for himself at Northwestern’s pro day on March 10, running a 4.48 in the 40-yard dash and posting a 37.5-inch vertical jump.
20582	The 5% The Convenience Shop Holding plc Unsecured Callable € 2026-2029 was the most liquid, as total turnover amounted to €15,050.
20583	The 60-page book spans 200 years from 1820 to 2020 and many Arundel families are noted, including Cleaves, Currier, McIntire, Burnham, Hutchins, Downing, Benson, Jones and Goulet.
20584	The 67-year-old King Maha Vajiralongkorn described by many as a ‘playboy king’ has reportedly taken over a luxury German hotel to isolate from the coronavirus with not less than a bunch of 20 women aside from his servants.
20585	The 6-8 Casey is the City/Suburban Hoops Report’s top-ranked player in the Class of 2022 in Illinois.
20586	The 68-year-old Ipswich woman was revealed on Wednesday to have returned an initial positive test for the virus, though a subsequent test came back negative.
20587	The 6-foot-3-inch Dennehy went to Hollywood for his first movie, “Semi-Tough” starring Burt Reynolds and Kris Kristofferson.
20588	The 6-foot-9 junior made a 3 to give DePaul a 15-6 lead, and then on the next possession, he had a dunk that was set up by Charlie Moore.
20589	The 70th Berlin International Film Festival will begin on Thursday, Feb. 20 and end on Sunday, March 1, 2020.
20590	The 72-year-old also shared that her husband, the heir apparent, is a workaholic who spends most of his time working from home even though he battled with COVID-19 illness just a few weeks ago.
20591	The 794 COVID-19-case total on Elgin’s Kane County side is the second highest in the county behind Aurora.
20592	The 7-foot Markkanen went 0 for 7 from 3-point range against the Bucks.
20593	The 80 million or so Americans who voted for Biden last month may quickly tire of his predictability, but for the moment, there is a sense of relief that experienced, centrist and credible grown-ups are back in charge.
20594	The 87-year-old actress and her husband Brian Miller have been granted guardianship of their 14-year-old grandson through January 8, 2021, according to court document obtained by People.
20595	The '90s are back!
20596	The 90-year-old Bharat Ratna Awardee took to Twitter and shared the monochromatic picture which was sent to her by Rishi himself.
20597	The AAF was a prosportsleague.
20598	The AAP government, as part of its larger campaign for statehood, has often accused Delhi Police of working like an “armed wing of the ”.
20599	The Abhishek Dudhaiya directorial will stream on Disney Plus Hotstar.
20600	The ability to aggregate all of the different data points that one can collect from a mobile device from a geolocation perspective: where you live, where you work, where you shop," said Karnell.
20601	The about-face forced education officials to prepare a plan that would allow the youngest elementary school students to return safely to schools in less than two weeks.
20602	“The above issues are sacrosanct and same, cannot be compromised in law.
20603	The above variant by Olivier Coipel helps convey the Dark Knight’s protection of Gotham City.
20604	The absence of a champion for New York has gained notice, particularly among old hands who witnessed and participated in past New York City crises and yearn for more inspiring leadership.
20605	The accident happened in Advancetown, on Nerang Murwillumbah Road near the intersection with Beechmont Road at around 1pm.
20606	The accident happened on highway 8, near the natchez trace, in chickasaw county on thursday night.
20607	The accompanying video—shot while Foxanne was working and living in Mars-like conditions at in Hawaii—centers the New York singer-songwriter’s raw, commanding vocals.
20608	The accounts appear to have been compromised in order to perpetuate cryptocurrency fraud,” the bureau said in a statement.
20609	The account was declared as fraud and reported to RBI on February 10 this year.
20610	The accused, all natives of Guntur district, were allegedly preparing the spurious products by using some raw material and were marketing the stocks on the pretext of a noted pesticide manufacturing company.
20611	The accused is said to have articulated insults and threat to his 62-year-old employer after she found her goats still inside the kraal while they should have been out for forage and she called Setumo asking where he was.
20612	The accused Juma Akankwasa,39, appeared in a session presided over by the Chief Magistrate, Ms Miriam Akello, who granted him cash bail of Shs1m.
20613	“The accused person dragged the girl to a shallow pit while her brother watched haplessly.
20614	The acquisition adds two oral Factor D inhibitors, danicopan (ACH-4771) and ACH-5228, to Alexion’s clinical-stage pipeline for the treatment of rare diseases associated with the complement alternative pathway.
20615	“The acquisition of Code Zero enriches our cloud offerings, brings deep domain expertise to our clients and further strengthens our strategic relationship with Salesforce.
20616	The Act gives councils ongoing powers to reduce vital social care duties through a system known as “easements”, which allow councils to opt out of their duties under the 2014 Care Act if they met certain conditions.
20617	The acting and plot spoke for itself and did not need these drab, cheesy special effects.
20618	The acting secretary of the Navy, Thomas Modly, told reporters that the carrier remains “operationally capable.”
20619	“The action is barbaric and uncivilized and does not represent the good image of an Ebonyi woman.
20620	The action unfolds for all of 15 seconds before it stops again, Saiss having taken an accidental whack on the noggin in an aerial challenge with Saka.
20621	The activist organization is a “Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, Integration, and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality By Any Means Necessary.”
20622	The actor appears in the hit show as Billy Butcher, the leader of the titular group who spends the series attempting to take down a corporation behind the creation of reckless superheroes.
20623	The actor is urging people to come.
20624	The actors discussed their time on the show, trading anecdotes and making jokes via video link.
20625	The actors of the Lord of the Rings films got together for an epic quest.
20626	The actor was first introduced a war-weary costumed crime-fighter in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
20627	The actor was reportedly filming for Fast & Furious 7 at the time when he died due to a fatal accident.
20628	The actor – who is best known for playing Jacob Gallagher on - usually has long curly hair but has gone for the chop.
20629	The Act outlawed discriminatory voting practices, like literacy tests and grandfather clauses, that had been in place since the Civil War.
20630	The actress will be seen acting in a Swedish short film titled “With You”.
20631	The Adaptive trial is taking place in about 75 hospitals globally to assess the experimental Ebola drug remdesivir in patients with moderate to severe COVID-19.
20632	The addition of roaming Legendaries along blows the DLC out of the water, and the birds are only the tip of the Legendary iceberg.
20633	The address of this site is extremely misleading since it’s revealing the speech of China.
20634	The adjustment is likely a cost-saving measure more than a sign of seriously flagging sales in China.
20635	The administration is looking to zero out $10 billion in new funding for the CDC, while slashing spending for the Pentagon and State Department related to foreign aid, the source told CNN.
20636	The administrative area now includes Venice and the islands, the Lido and Pellestrina (where the MOSE barriers are), and the mainland areas of Marghera, Mestre, Favaro Veneto and Chirignago.
20637	The Administrative Law Bar Association has just put out a very helpful set of guidelines for conducting hearings by video-link or telephone (“remote hearings”).
20638	The administrators for a new city of Rochester clean energy initiative, known as Rochester Community Power, will hold virtual informational hearings on the program over the next few weeks.
20639	The adoption of smoke evacuating products and related software platforms is growing across major regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa.
20640	The adorable pose with them kissing on a swing set seems very much in the spirit of a high school romance.
20641	The ads will be split between two spots.
20642	The adult hemoglobin is what’s defective in people with one of these diseases.
20643	The adults, well, they only mix a bit, Anderson said.
20644	The adult’s white is pure but the young have some brown barring through the white.
20645	The advantage of using the broad metric of all deaths is that no judgment on the ultimate cause of death is needed.
20646	“The advice from the Chief Health Officer is that proceeding with Skyworks in 2021 presents too great a risk to community safety.
20647	"The aesthetics of art thus had a significant function in emphasizing health and survival to accommodate increasingly austere climatic conditions."
20648	The Aether is a very dangerous substance and will kill players fairly quickly if they stand in it for too long.
20649	The affable Ramson admitted that he was disappointed with the progress of work done at the proposed Stadiums in Regions 6 and 10.
20650	The aforementioned of is proof of what the service can actually do.
20651	The African National Congress (ANC) regional task team (RTT) in the eastern Free State is demanding the axing of Dihlabeng executive mayor.
20652	The Aga Khan Museum is a museum of Islamic art, Iranian (Persian) art and Muslim culture in Toronto, Ontario.
20653	The agencies have started the hackathon with an objective to provide reliable information to students on how to do computational drug discovery against the Coronavirus disease.
20654	The agency also now accepts foreign clinical trial data if there are no significant ethnic differences in the patient population, as per a issued in October 2018.
20655	The agency believes that impacts to the species will be minimal, as long as permit holders follow the conservation guidelines listed in the permits.
20656	The agency first started working with Seal in September and began applying the Instagram Stories strategy three months ago — a tactic that, according to Olea, has helped add 24,000 followers to his social media.
20657	The agency hopes to produce a final EIS this summer and would then select its preferred alternative and have an additional comment period.
20658	The agency said that as a condition of receiving free Covid-19 vaccines from the federal government, providers may not charge people for administration of the vaccine.
20659	The agency warned of possible flying rocks and pyroclastic flows within about a 2-kilometer radius of the crater.
20660	The agency will update the forecast in August as the Atlantic region heads into its most active months.
20661	The agreement is expected to lead to a dialogue between the Taleban and the Kabul government.
20662	The agreement was made in a compact with the Rockefeller Foundation, which plans to facilitate financing mechanisms that can support such a testing system.
20663	The AHSEC said these chapters were dropped to reduce the students’ load by 30%.
20664	The aid Congress is considering now will likely top $1 trillion.
20665	The aim is to conserve rainwater and not let a drop of rainwater on to the road or sewer network.
20666	The air carrier Motor Sich launched regular flights to Minsk National Airport in November 2015.
20667	THE Airforce of Zimbabwe (AFZ) yesterday conveyed condolences to the families of two pilots, who died after their trainer aircraft crashed just outside Gweru in Somabula area on Tuesday afternoon.
20668	“The Air Force was my best professional decision.
20669	The airline received a $15 million net benefit to its bottom line from the support.
20670	The airline then makes sure the gun is placed in a part of the plane where no one would have access to it during a flight.
20671	The airline was originally set up by the government as DTA – Divisão dos Transportes Aéreos in 1938, rechristened TAAG Angola Airlines in 1973, and gained flag carrier status in 1975.
20672	The airline will operate the two routes every Friday and Sunday, with the Mombasa-Eldoret and Kisumu flight departing from Mombasa at 1.15pm to arrive in Eldoret at 3.05pm and in Kisumu at 3.55pm.
20673	The airplane maker reported its fourth quarterly loss, sending its shares down 4.6%.
20674	The air quality agency extended an alert to Thursday, and the air was so thick that Alaska Airlines stopped flights to Portland and Spokane, Washington, until Tuesday afternoon.
20675	The Alaska Industrial Union succeeded the old Alaska Labor Union and is working under a constitution and by laws drawn up at a convention held at Juneau some time ago This sets at rest all talk about the Union being unable to ge.
20676	The album’s idiosyncrasies — dogs barking (five canine collaborators are credited), body parts and pieces of furniture retooled as percussion instruments, mistakes caught on tape and left there — gesture to its homespun origins.
20677	The alleged victim said he and Helfert became friends and they would “joke around with each other.”
20678	“The alleged victims felt deprived of their free will and so the sexual activity was coerced or took place under coercive conditions,” the report, commissioned by L'Arche last year and prepared by the U.K.-based GCPS Consulting group, said.
20679	The alliance, with support of Mastercard Foundation is aimed at synergizing and working together to mitigate the adverse effects of the current economic slowdown through capacity and resilience building to preserve and create 5million jobs.
20680	The all loved him.
20681	THE All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader, Sen. Bola Tinubu, on Wednesday, urged the people of Imo to unite and work toward a brighter future under its new Governor, Sen. Hope Uzodinma.
20682	The Altobelli family has confirmed that John Altobelli, his wife Keri and daughter Alyssa were among those killed in the helicopter crash with NBA icon Kobe Bryant and his daughter Gianna in Calabasas, Calif. Jan.
20683	The Amazing Race Recap 4/1/16: Season 28 Episode 6 “Let the Good Times Roll”
20684	The ambulance crashed on the N11 just outside Newcastle.
20685	The amendment Act mentions that it will “come into force on such date, as the state government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, appoint”.
20686	"The amendments will criminalise the conduct of isolated citizens or groups who, for self-gain, cooperate or connive with hostile foreign governments to inflict suffering on Zimbabwean citizens and to cause damage to national interests.
20687	The amendment was also not intended as a substitute for an unsuccessful attempt to remove a president through the impeachment process.
20688	The American experiment in freedom is failing fast.
20689	The American fashion model, Samantha Hoopes, is one of the most beautiful faces and names associated with Levi’s Jeans and Guess.
20690	The American people did that by thinking that Robert Mueller or Adam Schiff was going to save them through impeachment for Ukraine as well as through the Russia investigation.
20691	The amount allegedly stolen is estimated at GH¢1,111,585.
20692	The amount of money the state of Iowa will have to foot because Gov. Terry Branstad violated the state’s anti-LGBTQ discrimination law grew by more than $3 million on Friday.
20693	The amount of money you have saved can be used in a lot of places, but if everything else is already on a high level and if the employees are happy and satisfied, increasing the volume is the only possible option to choose.
20694	The amount of revenue raised via the GST is just 3.5 per cent of our total economic output each year, compared to 6.8 per cent in other OECD countries.
20695	The amount of snow accumulation is expected to be around one inch in the Twin Cities and by 6 a.m. on Sunday, another one to two inches of snow before tapering off to flurries said Yuhas.
20696	The amounts could be substantial.
20697	The Am-Pol Eagle asked a number of Pol-Am business owners how the pandemic has affected them.
20698	The anaesthetist, responsible for airway.
20699	The analysis carried over techniques that addressed heterogeneities, or differences, in the data that are caused by advances in technology over time.
20700	The analysis concluded that unless the District substantially increases water rates, impact fees, and/or other revenues, LPP debt will not be repaid at the end of the 50-year loan period.
20701	The analysis confirmed the print belonged to chow.
20702	The analysis is based in part on putative evidence that life emerged within 300 million years of the formation of the Earth’s oceans, Columbia University notes.
20703	The analysis lays bare the worst employment outlook for young people since the early 1980s.
20704	The ancient world was harsh!
20705	The Anglo-German company said: 'We are targeting to permanently reduce our overhead cost base by 30% across the entire group.
20706	The Animal Emergency Service says pets cannot contract the Coronavirus.
20707	The Animal Welfare Society of West Kennebunk is trying to find homes for three ferret siblings.
20708	The animation of a felt fist rising in the air will let players know if they've executed this move correctly.
20709	The anime follows Kaban, a young girl who has no memory of who she is, or where she came from.
20710	The announcement comes months after rumors that the Duchess of Cambridge is pregnant with baby number four.
20711	The announcement Friday came as Illinois health officials announced 14 more patients have tested positive for novel coronavirus, bringing the state's total to 64.
20712	The announcement has triggered some criticism that Netanyahu, even if he did not explicitly agree, may have acquiesced to advanced weapons sales to the UAE without consulting with defense officials.
20713	The announcement of the manufacturing of the latest chip by IBM comes in the wake of Intel admitting that its next manufacturing technology is facing some delay.
20714	The announcement that John Lewis is considering a move into mixed use affordable rental housing might sound puzzling but could make good business sense.
20715	The announcement was made in mid-April but in some cases, did not start until nearly two weeks after that.
20716	The announcement was part of a dizzying list of modified orders making it difficult to keep up with what is allowed and what is not.
20717	The annual Christmas Treecycling Drop-Off will be held on the weekend of January 9 and 10th, 2021 from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. each day at the Public Works (1030 Roe Street) utility yard.
20718	The annual report reveals that 84.3% of the documented attacks against journalists and media houses in 2019 were committed by perpetrators in the Regional Administrations or Federal Member States.
20719	The answer is generally yes.”
20720	The answer is psychic breakdown.
20721	The answer is simple: balls.
20722	The answer is simple—it would be presumptuous of me to believe that I can speak for Indian-Guyanese in the cultural realm.
20723	The answer will depend on the baby in question.
20724	The antenna structure registration for the tower in Pahrump shows licensing and usage of the tower is owned by an entity known as Cellco Partnership, which Bloomberg says does business as Verizon Wireless.
20725	The apartment building involved in the pilot is not being identified for privacy reasons.
20726	The APC lawmakers shouted him down and described the motion as ‘dead on arrival.’
20727	The apex court said non-essential visits to the Supreme Court premises are discouraged and entry of casual visitors shall remain restricted until further orders.
20728	The apology is not an admission of the manipulated video clip.
20729	The appeal panelist said the business that employed the workers was the same before and after the “transition.”
20730	The appellate court noted several prior cases in which Peel police failed to respect their obligation to inform a detainee of the right to counsel immediately, calling the problem "institutional and systemic."
20731	The app has been designed to track those who have been home quarantined.
20732	The app is currently available to iOS users in DC, Boston, and New York, and it will expand to Chicago and Los Angeles before becoming available nation-wide in June, says Cohen-Aslatei.
20733	The appliance is more efficient and known to address various cleaning issues such as food particle deposition on utensils.
20734	The applicant is then taken into a secure site where the personal information is kept and one a unique reference number and onetime pincode is used.
20735	The applicants said the refusal of the A-G to file documents as required by law was evident that the decision made by the A-G against them was actuated by malice and a calculated attempt to impugn their hard won reputation.
20736	The applicant went back to the developer and proposed three stories or something less in height but it just wasn’t seen as economically viable for this project, Schaal said, adding that the height of the building was consistent with the bylaw.
20737	The application documents, which were released in response to a public records request, indicate that Greystone will own and operate the facilities through a series of limited liability companies.
20738	The applications, designed by the ministry, ask if the operator is proposing a “campus of care.”
20739	The app offers a that hosts up to 100 participants.
20740	The appointment of his former coach Cavin Johnson, who recently took over the reigns at Leopards, could prove a stroke of luck for Ngele.
20741	The approach of the Nigerian government in handling the issue of Boko Haram with levity has further given the group power to continue with its nefarious activities,” Giwa’s letter made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday read.
20742	The April gold contract was up US$17.80 at US$1,651.20 an ounce and the May copper contract was down 2.6 cents at US$2.18 a pound.
20743	The April job losses alone far exceed the 8.7 million in the last recession, when unemployment peaked at 10 percent in October 2009.
20744	The arbitration hearings with the UNA — which represents more than 30,000 registered nurses, registered psychiatric nurses and other health-care workers — were held on Dec. 4 and 5 in Edmonton.
20745	The Archers finally got on the board with 3:30 remaining on a three-pointer from Molly Reinhart.
20746	The area has further significance.
20747	The area has received below average or no rainfall every month since 2017.
20748	The area is home to the world's largest shark population.
20749	The area MP, Mr Mephato Reatile advised the villages to ensure maximum benefits were derived from the trees, especially that among them were fruit trees whose fruits could be sold for profit.
20750	The area of the second stage of the science and technology park will make more than 6,000m2.
20751	The area’s 475 wineries account for 4% of the state’s total annual grape harvest but half of the retail value of all California wines sold, according to the Napa Valley Vintners trade group.
20752	The areas that are affected include Mji wa Kale, Mlango wa Papa, Kuze, Makadara, Kibokoni and Baghani.
20753	The area was secured for an exhumation order to be granted by the court.
20754	“The Arewa Crusaders Against Banditry is aware of the leadership strides of the Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai.
20755	The argument is Lakewood, the Orthodox Jews are coming from Lakewood and Brooklyn…”
20756	The Arizona Cardinals had a great start to their season, defeating the San Francisco 49ers and Washington Football Team consecutively.
20757	The armed police provided by Scotland Yard are estimated to cost £600,000 in annual salaries and up to £400,000 in flights, accommodation, expenses and overtime.
20758	The Armenian side dismissed the claim.
20759	The army chief said that Pak-Afghan border fence was a fence of peace and it had been set up to stop illegal cross-border movement of terrorists.
20760	The Army previously released reference architecture and standards to enable industry-driven CMOSS concept development.
20761	The arrests came only after the video – which apparently had been in law enforcement possession for some time – leaked and circulated widely on social media.
20762	“The Arsonists” was written in post-war Germany by Max Frisch.
20763	The artefact, displayed as part of the “Pink Jungle: 1950s Makeup in America” exhibit at the Makeup Museum, is dated March 17, 1959 and addressed to the actor from dermatologist Erno Laszlo of the eponymous beauty company.
20764	The article actually addresses that.
20765	The article in question claims that Polidin, a Romanian vaccine “kills the coronavirus”.
20766	The artist Cinga Samson in his studio in Cape Town.
20767	The art of successful deal making is to have everyone leave the table with a piece of the cake.
20768	The Art of Swordplay Vol. 14: Defeat Rufus and Darkstar in Chapter 17.
20769	The Ascent gets a point above average for its composed ride.
20770	The Aspen event webpage is: https://www.
20771	The assassination of Qassim Suleimani is a seismic event in the Middle East.
20772	The assault on our stewardship, of our life-supporting, God-given assets, has been quick and brutal.
20773	The assault was traced to four men with links to her leading rival, Tonya Harding.
20774	The Associated Press reviews them and examines the reasons they could still go to either Republican Donald Trump or Democrat Joe Biden.
20775	The Association of Independent Professionals and the Self-Employed said that ministers must look at extending financial support if there is a second wave of Covid-19 infections.
20776	The associations argued that lockdown regulations violated their members' constitutional rights to freedom of profession, trade and occupation.
20777	The association says almost 500,000 requests for mortgage deferrals or to skip a payment have been completed or are in process.
20778	The association says in southwest Michigan there are ten locations where Lake Michigan has damaged the roads.
20779	The association’s position comes on the backdrop of mounting public criticisms against the protest and the video footage which many dismissed as political and insensitive at this time of global pandemic.
20780	The associations said the rebate is similar to what the shopping malls and landlords have done for their tenants in Hong Kong and Singapore.
20781	The astronauts and NASA mission controllers spent more than two hours conducting leak checks and communication checks, leading up to the opening of the final hatch between Endeavour and the space station at 10:02 a.m. PT.
20782	Theaters across the country have shuttered, and many artists find themselves suddenly unemployed.
20783	TheatreWorks Community Players livestream show, “Pirates of the Piedmont,” is at 7 p.m. on their YouTube site.
20784	The attack came during Yom Kippur, a Jewish religious festival that sees observers fast and pray at synagogues to atone for sins.
20785	The attack on Faylaq al-Sham, one of the main rebel groups in the so-called Syrian National Army (SNA), marked the deadliest round of violence since Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for the northwest territory in March.
20786	The attacks are rooted in decades-long competition over resources between ethnic Fulani herders and farming communities.
20787	The attendants work with special needs students on buses to ensure they make it safely to and from school.
20788	The attendees are expected to comprise international exhibitors, decision-makers, government and defense officials, business customers, owners, users and manufacturers.
20789	The attention then drifted north of San Pedro, when a year later, in October 2016, a popular beach resort was threatened with closure by the Department of Environment (DOE) for having improperly installed a sewer waste treatment system.
20790	The attention they pay is closely tied to what benefits them in the moment, and has little to do with you or your needs.
20791	The Attorney-General also prayed that the court should remand them in police custody pending when they would be tested for COVID-19 before they could be remanded at the appropriate correctional facility.
20792	The Audible series will do the same, and the first installment will cover volumes 1-3.
20793	The audience bought into the brawl and booed when it was broken up.
20794	The audience will enjoy the pieces of best classical music from different eras, BelTA has learned from the information and public relations department of the Belarusian State Philharmonic.
20795	The audio features Burr explaining that he personally hates but has an appreciation for The Empire Strikes Back because Darth Vader almost killed Luke Skywalker after chopping his hand off (though he initially mixes up some of those details).
20796	The audio launch function of Vijay's upcoming movie Master will be launched on Sunday, 15 March.
20797	The auditor-general found the former sports minister awarded most of the $100 million doled out in grants to groups in seats the coalition targeted at the last election.
20798	The August 22 Your Saskatchewan photo of the day was taken by Ralph Slinn in Regina.
20799	“The August job postings demonstrate a slow recovery,” said Ahu Yildirmaz, vice president and co-head of the ADP Research Institute, adding “businesses across all sizes and sectors have yet to come close to their pre-COVID-19 employment levels.”
20800	The aunt that he is staying with in a vain attempt to hide away from both the Russian Cossacks and the German SS tells him the attack was his own fault for going out alone.
20801	The Australian Dance Party is holding an interactive workshop journey at Gorman Arts Centre, writes arts editor HELEN MUSA in her daily round-up of the arts in Canberra.
20802	The Authority is the statutory body mandated to license and regulate electronic communication activities and services in the country.
20803	The author – who asked to remain anonymous – identified an American man living in the north-east of Scotland as his prime suspect in the Zodiac slayings.
20804	The automatic take-off is the latest step in Airbus’ Autonomous Taxi, Take-off and Landing (ATTOL) project.
20805	The Auto Value Series races will be held June 19 and July 17, respectively.
20806	The availability of supplies for disinfecting and testing.
20807	The average estimate of seven analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for a loss of 5 cents per share.
20808	The average household income in China — which is our major challenger for global supremacy — is less than $15,000.
20809	The average Kenyan is a Christian as more than 85 per cent of the population belong to this religious group.
20810	The average loan size was $101,000 and more than 87% were for less than $150,000.
20811	The average salary for a software engineer in the United States is over $100,000 (€85,000), compared with under €50,000 in Malta (estimates vary considerably in both countries).
20812	The average selling price of all home categories — ground level housing and condos — rose 20 per cent year over year in August to $951,404, up $7,738 from July’s average.
20813	The aviation industry could face major workforce shortages as pilots and other personnel retire over the next two decades.
20814	The Award Ceremony concluded with a moving performance by Mónika Lakatos and The Gipsy Voices that was streamed live from Müpa, Budapest.
20815	The award ceremony was held at a local hotel.
20816	The award in recent years has been dominated by Stonebwoy and Shatta Wale, with their absence paving way for him.
20817	The award is bestowed to a member selected by CORFAC’s President to be the “most valuable player” over the past 12 months.
20818	The awards event was hosted online by Sir Lewis Ritchie, chairman of the QNIS and Clare Cable, chief executive and nurse director of the charity.
20819	The awards portion of the three hour long special was fairly dignified, and was able to give high profile actors and actresses a chance to be recognized for their pristine and honorable work on the big screen.
20820	The awards show was down 33% in the key 18-49 demographic on the CW, scoring a 0.2 rating, and down roughly 22% on total viewership, drawing just under 1.2 million total viewers.
20821	The award will take place on Saturday, February 22 in Lagos.
20822	The award-winning Lee Lee International Supermarkets offer a vegetarian food center, organic aisles, fresh and live seafood, a top-notch bakery, meat and poultry butchers, exotic fresh fruit and vegetables, and even a home decor section.
20823	The awe-inspiring water body and the imposing fort turned the venue for the festival conducted with much fanfare by the Department of Tourism.
20824	The Azerbaijani Defence Ministry said that Armenian forces shelled villages in the Aghdam, Terter, Aghjabedi and Fizuli regions of Azerbaijan.
20825	The Azerbaijani military does not report military deaths.
20826	“(The Aztecs are) very talented and a team that can be playing in the last weekend of March for it all,” Air Force coach Dave Pilipovich said.
20827	The B-21 Raider is set to fly in the mid-2020s, and the Air Force plans to buy at least a hundred of the bombers to replace the B-52H Stratofortress and B-1B Lancer bombers.
20828	The baby was unharmed.
20829	The backing and filling that we are now seeing thus looks like an intermediate base that will be followed by a new 2nd upleg that will take silver to new highs.
20830	The back of the proposed monument, titled “Portrait of a Phenomenal Woman.”
20831	The bad is that spring weather is put on hold.
20832	The baker moves and gesticulates constantly as he works in what resembles a dance in front of gas-fired ovens.
20833	The bakery will be making its special pumpkin and cream cheese whoopie pies during October, said co-owner Donald Grant.
20834	The Baltimore County Justice Coalition said this was a situation that required the police department’s de-escalation team, and that the officer involved knew Sopp was in a state of mental distress.
20835	The band — comprising brothers Chad and Mike Kroeger, 45 and 47, Ryan Peake, 46, and Daniel Adair, 44 — kicks off its “All the Right Reasons” tour June 19.
20836	The band showcases its sense of size with a five-minute acoustic crescendo, and its might through a final blast of fuzzed-out Sabbath worship.
20837	The band was also inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1994 and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2013.
20838	The band, who are promoting their new “Map of the Soul: 7” album, recalled their first public performance at a showcase with about 300 people in attendance.
20839	The bank added that it may change its decision if regulation around the industry is clarified.
20840	The bank forecast that the unemployment rate would rise to 7.5% this year, from 3.75% in 2019.
20841	The Bank of Japan, too, is wary of stepping in, concerned that rescuing non-financial entities like ANA would fall into the realm of fiscal policy, said three people familiar with its thinking.
20842	THE ban of the sale of alcohol in both Namibia and South Africa has dealt Namibia Breweries Limited a serious blow, dropping both earnings and profit for the 2020 financial year.
20843	THE ban on new petrol, diesel and even hybrid cars is to be accelerated by five years, to cut emissions, says Boris Johnson.
20844	The Barsoom lore says the red alien race is the dominant one but has resulted from the generations of fair-skinned, yellow-skinned, and black-skinned alien races producing children.
20845	The basic premise of the film: Through a discovery of a photograph left by Mae’s (Rae) late, estranged mother Christine (Chanté Adams), a famed photographer, Mae is sent on a journey to learn more about her mom’s younger years.
20846	The basic principle remains the same: employers apply for the scheme in respect of their workers and then receive subsidies by way of wage refunds from the Government.
20847	The Basic Principles set out authoritatively state obligations under international human rights law on protection of the right to life and bodily integrity.
20848	The basis for Keynesian economics.
20849	The batch of 39 tourists from Shanghai were tested for Covid-19 before arriving in Bangkok and would undergo the full 14-day quarantine under current rules, said Anutin.
20850	“The bathrooms inside Gado Gado are filled with themed ’70s fantasy art.
20851	The battlefield monuments are designed to educate visitors on where the Union and Confederate lines were, and how the fighting took place.
20852	The Battle of the Five Armies is Holm's last credited acting role before he retired.
20853	The BBC said 450,000 older viewers have applied for a free licence and those who have to pay can choose instalments.
20854	The BBC said: “In order to make the 75+ Plan available for customers online, the TV Licensing website was temporarily offline on Saturday as was always planned.
20855	The BBC series is now on Netflix, and each episode tells stand alone stories imagining how part of our modern world could go terribly wrong.
20856	The BCCI is likely to convene its decision on the fate of the 13th edition of IPL after April 15, when the nationwide coronavirus lockdown ends.
20857	The B.C. Youth Parliament is seeking applications for its 92nd session.
20858	The Bears have not commented publicly.
20859	The Bears played physical defense, and freshmen Kuany Kuany and D.J. Thorpe saw extended early minutes as Cal head coach Mark Fox sought to match UW’s size.
20860	The Bears turned the page on Trubisky, but until they resolve the quarterback position, have they really turned the corner?
20861	The Bears were missing defensive linemen Akiem Hicks (hamstring), Roy Robertson-Harris (season-ending shoulder surgery) and Eddie Goldman (coronavirus opt-out) for the Packers game.
20862	The Beaufort High School student is in the process of deciding where he wants to go to college.
20863	THE BEAUTY OF LIVING: E.E. Cummings in the Great War,by J. Alison Rosenblitt.
20864	The beaver is known for its dam.
20865	The Bedford County Department of Fire & Rescue created a Community Risk Reduction Program that trained and educated up to 3,852 pre-k through fourth grade children throughout the community.
20866	“The beer industry is billions of dollars and there were none of us (people of color) participating in the beer industry.
20867	The beer is good, the spirits selection surprisingly broad, and upstairs, with the orange of the street light warming the bar, it’s somewhere to fall in love with.
20868	The Beidou system works on a network of about 30 satellites and competes with the US’s Global Positioning System (GPS), Russia’s GLONASS and the European Union’s Galileo.
20869	The Belkin Fitness Armband is the perfect fit for your friend’s iPhone X. The custom-fit armband features an ultra-thin fabric strap that threads through a durable metal loop, securing at the perfect length to hug their arm closely.
20870	The bell rang and the wrestlers cautiously circled each other.
20871	The Bell/Shepard household is celebrating something very dear to their family's heart, and that's 16 years of sobriety.
20872	The benchmark is 0.7 per cent of GNI was established 50 years ago after the work of a United Nations commission led by Canada’s Nobel Peace Prize winner, Lester B. Pearson.
20873	The bench then suggested that the state must also consider allowing people from all sectors to use the trains while ensuring that COVID-19 safeguards were followed.
20874	The beneficiaries of this partnership are the school children we transport every day, as well as the communities where we operate.
20875	The BER, which identifies petroleum sector progress and areas for improvements, empowers stakeholders to advocate for best practices within their various spheres of work in the sector.
20876	“The best African countries can do now is to change their attitude towards this deadly disease.
20877	The best defense is social distancing.
20878	The best it could do is to observe the discrepancies in the educational and other required credentials of the candidate or better still, INEC could only point out any observed flaws to the political party and stakeholders at large.
20879	The best minds, like Andy Reid and Bill Belichick, are to football what Malcolm Gladwell once dubbed Steve Jobs: tweakers, who don’t invent a lot but change a lot.
20880	The best of the rest sees 's Neal Maupay, Newcastle's and Liverpool's Sadio Mane on four goals, though there is still a long way to go in this season's Golden Boot Race.
20881	The best part about the parade has always been its ability to bring the community together, whether in person or virtually.
20882	The best part here is that you can not only add tricks — of which there are an overwhelming amount — to your trick list, you can customize your button combo to whatever works best for you!
20883	The best part is, it does all this without feeding your personal data to those companies.
20884	"The best thing investors can do," it suggests, "is to sit tight."
20885	The best thing is you won’t need to worry about buying water from the store nor will you have to pollute the earth with dozens of water bottles that you have to discard often.
20886	The best way we’ve found to correct for those cognitive flaws is to create a kind of guild with special rules and procedures meant to counteract them — strict rules of experimentation and analysis, peer review, replication of results, and the like.
20887	The best weapon in Martin’s arsenal would’ve been to highlight the mob danger Sonny Corinthos (Maurice Benard) brought to Wiley Quartermaine-Corinthos’ (Erik and Theo Olson) life.
20888	The Betong Civil Defence Force, he added, was currently at the scene to assist affected villagers in moving their furniture and other belongings to higher ground.
20889	The Beverly Hills High School (BHHS) Robotics Team hosted a “Women in STEM” event for Beverly Vista Middle School (BVMS) students on Jan.
20890	The Bible makes it clear if we humble ourselves before God and ask for forgiveness we will not be denied.
20891	The Biden campaign's barnstorm of the Keystone State was an effort to leave no geographical area or demographic unturned in a battleground where both candidates have spent significant time and resources in recent weeks.
20892	The big cut in 2020 virtually sealed off a pathway for the persecuted into the country and obliterated the once-robust American reputation as a sanctuary for the oppressed.
20893	The biggest challenge for 27-year-old Sathiyan Gnanasekaran, however, was mental.
20894	“The biggest challenges in our life together are also some of our greatest blessings,” the Baglows realized.
20895	The biggest need for counselors is between 7 pm-3 am PST (10 pm-6 am EST).
20896	The big problem is that any monetary and fiscal measures will take some time to kick in, and won’t alleviate anxiety in the meantime.
20897	The big question is, where is God in the holy cities from Varanasi to the Vatican?
20898	The Big Ten’s delayed, shortened season has proven to be an unpredictable, day-to-day adventure.
20899	The bill also declares that 16,100 megawatts of solar and onshore wind, 5,200 megawatts of offshore wind, and 2,700 megawatts of energy storage are in the public interest.
20900	The billboard will condemn the "DNC's Big Rig," referring to the theory among some Sanders supporters that the Democratic National Committee is actively trying to prevent Sanders from becoming the nominee.
20901	“The Bill is about new threats to our national security,” Dr Jadhav says.
20902	The bill is now waiting for a vote in the full Senate.
20903	The Bills could stand to use Claypool as a weapon in the red zone, capable of creating plenty of mismatches out of the slot.
20904	The Bills had mortgaged their future not for Khalil Mack or Aaron Donald or Odell Beckham Jr. back in 2014 but rather for another reason for Buffalonians to curse the sports gods.
20905	The bill was held up due to a controversy over what to do with excess funds from the CARES Act with Democrats wanting to re-allocate them and many Republicans siding with Treasury Secretary Mnuchin about sending those funds back to the general fund.
20906	The bill was presented by Meretz leader Nitzan Horowitz and passed with a vote of 42 to 36.
20907	The bill will soon be tabled in the state senate which will decide the final outcome of the bill.
20908	The bill would rein in third-party food delivery apps, requiring the services to only list a restaurant on the platform with permission from the restaurant owner and to share certain information about who is ordering.
20909	“The birthing center is really nothing more than a medical facility,” Posada said.
20910	The Bison advance to the tournament semifinals on Monday evening to face the winner of Sunday’s quarterfinal contest between No. 4 seed Oral Roberts (16-13) and fifth-seeded Omaha (16-15).
20911	The Bison stood in a tie for 10th after the first day of competition and actually improved to an eighth place finish, out of 34 teams, with their Saturday showing.
20912	The bitterly contested process is only the latest round of licensing for marijuana businesses in Los Angeles.
20913	The BJP demands the chief minister make a statement condemning the high-handed behavior of MIM party men in Bhainsa, Rao said.
20914	The black guy, after his fourth or fifth cup of coffee, has a sudden urge to take a pee.
20915	The Black Knights could be in line should some bowl-bound team find itself dealing with COVID-19 issues.
20916	The Black Lives Matter Global Network didn’t respond to a request for comment.
20917	The Black Panther - Chadwick Boseman passed away last night.
20918	The Black Sox scandal of 1919 and Rose betting on baseball games from the dugout in Cincinnati are about the only ones that come close.
20919	The Black Wall Street Memorial, a Black marble monolith, sits outside the Greenwood Cultural Center.
20920	The Blaze, a website started by the conservative media personality Glenn Beck, referred to Mr. Biden in various ways this week.
20921	The blockbuster musical was filmed in June 2016, during one of the last weeks when the original Broadway cast was still intact.
20922	The blogger, who is anonymous, wrote: 'Yesterday, Harry and Meghan's security (or someone who has an insane amount of security) was ALL OVER the house at 124 Park Road that I first posted in 2016 when the asking price was $17,700,000 (CAD)…'
20923	The blood pressure rises and can damage other organs, mostly liver and kidney.
20924	The blot of Tottenham’s day came with Lamela seeming to deceive the referee after being softly struck by Martial in retaliation for a light push on his face by the Argentine.
20925	The blue, dotted series represents CBO’s projected national unemployment rate for the remainder of CY2020-CY2021.
20926	The Blue Jays tallied three times in the fourth inning before Biggio hit the team’s first homer with a three-run shot off Tampa Bay ace Charlie Morton in the following frame.
20927	The bluer the state the bigger the fraud.
20928	The Blues had been written off ahead of the game.
20929	The Blues manager further described how Kante's absence is a 'huge miss' for the team.
20930	The Blues need time to gel with all their new signings, but West Brom are in disarray at the moment and the visitors should make light work of Bilic's side - and don't bet against it being a rout.
20931	The Blue Wave faithful headed to Al Maktoum Stadium expecting a result worthy of last weekend’s epic Arabian Gulf Cup final triumph versus Shabab Al Ahli.
20932	The Board also voted to allow the Superior High School Athletics Teams to participate in the fall sports season.
20933	The Board approved plans to establish the Center for Integrated Lymphatics Research Fund, a new research center on Lewis Katz School of Medicine’s campus that will be funded through an alumnus donation.
20934	The Board of the Federal Institute for Vocational Education and Training (BIBB) is the advisory board for the central government in all issues relating to vocational education and training.
20935	The Bob Baker Marionette Theater hosted a tribute to Leland in 2019.
20936	The body of Krystal Browitt, 21, was among six recovered from the island in the days after the eruption.
20937	The bodysuit was paired with strappy sandals and a burgundy and orange dad cap.
20938	The body then addressed an additional allocation request by Outing Club, which requested $2,177.68 for Wilderness First Aid training to supplement their yearly budget.
20939	The body was taken to the Midwest Medical Examiners office where an exam will take place.
20940	The Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers: Brooke & Katie’s Bond Shattered – Can Sisters Heal After Bill Betrayal?
20941	The Bollywood Boys took their sweet time dancing about the ring and so Rush hit them with a Tope and tossed Sunil into the ring to start the match himself.
20942	The bolt carrier group is magnetic particle inspected and has a properly staked gas key.
20943	The bombshell plans have sent shockwaves through English football ahead of what is set to be a defining Premier League shareholders meeting tomorrow.
20944	The bond series has a 15-year term with an eligibility for pre-payment beginning Feb. 1, 2029.
20945	The book also details one awkward moment at Kensington Palace in 2017 when Kate went alone in her Range Rover while shopping - despite the fact Meghan was also going to the same street.
20946	The book is about character Simon Underwood, a failing sales broker who lies and cons his way through life.
20947	The book is set to be the latest bombshell book to dish dirt on Trump after former aide John Bolton's tome, which describes the Republican leader as corrupt and incompetent, hit shelves last month.
20948	“The book uses Scripture and success stories to show the purpose God calls us to fulfill as well as young people who are doing just that.”
20949	The book was bought by Bloomsbury for a six-figure sum following a bidding war between 11 publishers.
20950	The Bosmas explained that when Lucas was in the PICU, his brother couldn’t come for a visit, which was hard on both the boys.
20951	The bottom line, she said, is the need for more research, more trained mental health care providers, better access to care, more public pressure and awareness of this crisis.
20952	The boys beat Red Wing 7-1, and the girls beat the Wingers 2-0.
20953	The boy’s mother, Phone Chankhamany, was among the dead.
20954	The bra had half cups that put a good deal of her bosom on display.
20955	The brand follows Brown’s “less is more” philosophy when it comes to makeup application.
20956	The brave fighter is simply living each remaining day to the fullest.
20957	The Braves came back in game four to take a 3-1 series lead.
20958	The Bravo star has been on the show since its inception and has not skipped a season.
20959	The Brazilian model, who is in the magazine’s swimsuit issue, was also the first transgender woman to work for Victoria’s Secret and grace the cover of Vogue magazine.
20960	The Brazilian president joins protesters rallying against stay-at-home orders and an all-female robotics team in Afghanistan creates a low-cost ventilator.
20961	The bride and bridesmaids carried bouquets of wooden flowers.
20962	The Brier champion will represent Canada at the March 28-April 5 world men's curling championship in Glasgow, Scotland.
20963	The Brink Election Guide is a mobile app built with accessible technology that allows voters to access information such as election deadlines and when, where and how to vote by mail or in person.
20964	The BRIT Awards 2020 will take place on 18 February at the O2 Arena and will be broadcast on ITV.
20965	The British government did not comment.
20966	The British government on Wednesday presented tougher post-Brexit immigration plans, aimed at reducing the flow of “low skills” labour.
20967	The British government reported that as of Thursday, 13,729 people had died in UK hospitals after testing positive for the coronavirus.
20968	The British High Commissioner to Ghana, Mr Ian Walker, expressed UK’s preparedness to work towards easing Africa’s economic difficulties.
20969	The Bro CS-5055 Project Path 50 Stitch Computerized Sewing Machine is appropriately named because this stitching machine can take your embroidery, style, as well as accessory layouts to the following degree.
20970	The Broncos had a strong finish to the year with Drew Lock at quarterback but need to fortify the defensive front.
20971	The bronze medal winner is on stand-by in case of any doping infractions by the eventual finalists.
20972	The brunette model wore her hair in waves with a straight fringe in front that fell over her forehead.
20973	The brutality continued as Styles used the ladder to slap on a calf slicer to the grounded McIntyre.
20974	The BSC tool is an additional measure to the traditional financial measures, in order to get a more “balanced” view of the organisation’s performance across all organisational functions.
20975	The B’s owned the first half of the opening 20 minutes until the Canes scored on their first shot on net at the 9:17 mark.
20976	The BUA refinery and petrochemical plant is another reminder of what Attah really wanted.
20977	The buck was bumped off its bed by a coyote that came through, and we never found him after two days of searching.
20978	“The budget is a huge one and I think far as I know I’m the only one who offered a solution that doesn’t require cuts to vital services,” he said.
20979	The budget is heavily influenced by threats to security.
20980	The budget is up for adoption at the October 5 City Council meeting.
20981	The bug fix for the Sonos Arc appears to have remedied the soundbar’s muddy, distorted bass.
20982	The bug is creating a file called “debug.
20983	The bug led to three changes to the team that lost heavily in Melbourne last weekend with batsman Glenn Phillips, who was flown over as cover on Thursday, handed his first cap.
20984	The building has been evacuated to ensure the safety of all residents and no injuries have been reported.
20985	The building manager told police Candida Navarrete and her son, Edwin Chow, lived in the unit.
20986	The buildings are located on the bank of one of the canals of the Slepyanka water system – the view from the windows is absolutely stunning.
20987	The Bulldogs improve to 2-0 against the Golden Lions for the season.
20988	The bullet from Schofield's opponent strikes his helmet, sending him tumbling down the staircase and knocking him out cold.
20989	The Bulls, who select fourth, also are believed to have worked out Hayes.
20990	The Bureau of Land Management did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
20991	The Bureau said it received reports of 47 attacks in the first three months of this year, with the Gulf of Guinea remaining the world’s piracy hotspot.
20992	The burger features the restaurant's signature blend of Chicago beef that is covered with melted cheese and bacon.
20993	The burglary happened about 3:30 p.m. Wilkes said a Realtor was overseeing an open house at the property when six younger-looking people showed up and walked in the home.
20994	The Burning of Cork in December 1920 saw the notoriously vicious Black and Tans and British soldiers loot, attack and burn numerous buildings in the city in retaliation for an Irish Republican Army (IRA) ambush on a British patrol.
20995	The burns survivor and motivational speaker took to Instagram on Sunday to make the big announcement to her followers on social media.
20996	“The bus for mourners is suspended with immediate effect in line with the Government position on health and safety measures especially the social distance concept,” reads the statement.
20997	The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 8th.
20998	The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 31st.
20999	The business asserts that in case you do not observe any improvement or changes in your health, then it is possible to return it.
21000	The Business Council of Canada also says that governments have the power to reduce the pandemic's death toll, but only if they act aggressively.
21001	The business had revenue of $1,000.00 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $937.39 million.
21002	The business had revenue of $190.00 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $231.56 million.
21003	The business had revenue of $36.35 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $38.98 billion.
21004	The business has a fifty day simple moving average of $102.16 and a 200 day simple moving average of $82.88.
21005	The business is scheduled to issue its next earnings results on Tuesday, May 12th.
21006	The business is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report on Tuesday, October 27th.
21007	The businessman revealed that he and his wife should be in Venice, Italy for her birthday celebration by now if not for the coronavirus.
21008	“The business model is predicated on moving cash fast, at a global scale, even when it means moving cash to those intent on carrying out murderous acts.”
21009	The business’s 50 day moving average price is €64.05 and its 200-day moving average price is €64.73.
21010	The buyer will also make a cash payment of approximately to Dominion Energy upon closing.
21011	The cafeteria didn't have a balcony.
21012	The calcium that milk provides can be taken from soy milk, sardines, tuna, salmon; spinach, lettuce and beans.
21013	The calculator will automatically pull in early voting preferences once the volunteer caucus chair reaches that point in the event.
21014	The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, known as Cal Fire said in a Sunday that more than 8,200 are currently active—have led to 31 deaths and the destruction of more than 8,400 structures in 2020.
21015	The California native lost his last two fights with the UFC but entered the fight with a 17-5 record.
21016	The caller has not been identified.
21017	The caller on the other end of the phone asked the librarian a question she had already heard twice that week from other patrons.
21018	The call first came to first responders as a roll-over of a vehicle with a GPS system.
21019	The Call of the Wild is set to open in theaters on February 21.
21020	The call was probably made by ownership.
21021	The camera configuration also has a monochrome 2-megapixel sensor with an f/2.4 lens and a 2-megapixel sensor with an f/2.4 macro lens.
21022	The camera cut to Sgt. Slaughter sitting in the front row of Full Sail attending the NXT show…
21023	The campaign reportedly conducted polling on the potential pick, and Gates writes that by July 2016, the idea "started to catch some momentum."
21024	The campaign sent out a video of Faulconer praising Issa.
21025	The camp will take place at Monifieth High School.
21026	The Canadian, who trains part of the time in Stoney Creek, Ont., was slated to face Sean (The Sniper) Woodson at a catchweight of 150 pounds June 27 in Las Vegas but was derailed by visa issues given the fight's short notice.
21027	The Canadian won't be returning any of that meat, he admits, but he's ready to help anyone who needs a hand during the pandemic.
21028	The Canberra Capitals consulted with AIS Arena officials, the league, opponents Perth Lynx and considered the current ACT health warning after heavy smoke blanketed the city this week.
21029	The cancer was still not discovered until Charlotte underwent a colonoscopy in Southampton General Hospital in January following two trips to hospital over Christmas where she was 'in agony'.
21030	The candidates will have two minutes to answer each question, and the moderator will have an additional minute to facilitate further discussion.
21031	The Candlemaker was a malignant egregore removed from Earth's plane of existence eons ago who then sought to return through Dorothy's mind.
21032	The cannabis-focused business is a smaller piece of the pie, but growing much faster.
21033	The cannabis industry is no stranger to being taxed at a 25% to 37% rate.
21034	The CAN president said this in a special sermon on a cable television, which was made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) by his Special Assistant, Media and Communications, Pastor Adebayo Oladeji.
21035	The cap is also expected to add on to the compliance burdens of NGOs.
21036	The capital increase was successfully completed, with 99.5% of our subscription and slightly more than $3 billion collected.
21037	The Capitol isn’t closing to visitors, said Administration Secretary Allan McVey, but it is being wiped down.
21038	The carcasses showed rake-like gouges on one body which may have been caused by a polar bear or by an orca attack, but one whale had a damaged tongue.
21039	The car-centric legacy of the city of Vancouver has a profound impact on the quality of its residents’ lives.
21040	The Cardinals announced Saturday that left-hander Génesis Cabrera was one of two players to test positive for COVID-19 during entry exams.
21041	The care home’s superintendent, Bennett Walsh, has since been placed on administrative leave.
21042	The carmaker, which has 24,000 staff in Sweden excluding some 2,000 consultants, said in a statement the measures also included a continued review and reduction of consultancy contracts but would not affect its manufacturing operations.
21043	The car manufacturer halted production in its American factories in March as stay-at-home orders were put in place across the country.
21044	The carrier announced last week that it would be giving away any remaining seats on its repatriation flights to any Canadians stranded in destination.
21045	“The Carter Center has long believed that Guyana needs to reform its constitution and electoral laws to get rid of its winner-takes-all election system, which tends to exacerbate conflict,” Carter said.
21046	The Carter Center was denied permission to return for the Recount.
21047	The cascading effects of this would transform what would already be a worldwide crisis, into an unprecedented catastrophe.
21048	The case for firing O'Brien back then is also the perfect retort to anyone who says "Hey, 0-4 is only four games!
21049	The case is yet to be disposed of after court granted a stay of execution of the auction.
21050	The cases that have seen a rise include cases of injuries to children, he says.
21051	The case was adjourned to February 11 for further hearing.
21052	The case was filed on a complaint filed by the JNU administration.
21053	The cast of the series reflect the melting-pot nature of the Middle East, from Israeli-born Shani Erez, who plays Miriam, to Amir el-Masry, born in Cairo and who has made his home in Britain, who plays Youssef.
21054	The catalog says you need an area in your home with a temperature of 67 to 72 degrees.
21055	The catch was released, Yonhap reported Friday.
21056	The Catholic cleric also lamented that “God blessed us in so many ways, but pride, arrogance, greed and hatred, even among ourselves, have become a major problem”.
21057	The Cats will skate in a pair of games against the ninth-place South Island Royals.
21058	The cause of his death remains unknown and the Herald understands an autopsy was "inconclusive".
21059	The cause of the collision and other details including the ships' movements before the accident are under investigation, the ministry said.
21060	The cause of the collision was still under investigation, Barlin said, and there is a possibility Massey could face additional charges.
21061	The CBS broadcast begins at 8PM ET, and he is set to perform his latest No. 1, "One Margarita," from the Grand Ole Opry House.
21062	The CDC order also prevents the charging, collecting of fees, penalties, or interest as a result of not paying rent or other housing payment in a timely matter.
21063	The CDC scientists warned that their data “raises relevant questions about the potential interference of repeated annual influenza vaccination and possible residual protection from previous season vaccination”; the authors called for further studies.
21064	The celebration has become what Newman envisioned it would, and grown beyond what she initially expected.
21065	The Celebrity Juice star, 30, has opened up about how she struggled with her parents' split and was also bullied in school.
21066	The cellular version of the Series 3 has a red dot on the crown, while the Series 5 only has an outline.
21067	The Celtics return to action for the second game of a back-to-back Wednesday night at 9 p.m. ET.
21068	The center apologized for "any misunderstanding it may have caused" and changed the wording.
21069	The Center for Diversity and Inclusion (CDI) continued its slate of events for Black History Month with the Conversation Cafe on Feb. 18.
21070	The Center for Food Safety, one of the plaintiffs in this case and also a plaintiff in the dicamba case, said they would seek a full court rehearing.
21071	The center-left has often described Trump as a uniquely malignant figure, who is threatening a democracy that was working better than some people on the left thought.
21072	The center played four seasons at the University of Minnesota-Duluth, and was the team captain in 2016-17.
21073	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that 8,200 Americans have died this flu season.
21074	The Central Bank of Nigeria, has announced that it has made an amendment to the the receipt of diaspora remittances.
21075	The central romance is shockingly stable and mostly devoid of tension.
21076	The Centre has introduced the first domicile policy for Jammu and Kashmir in which it had reserved only few jobs for the locals.
21077	“The Centre has now taken a tough stand on its verification, but it has slowed down the refund payment system and almost all the states are at receiving end, including Maharashtra.”
21078	The CEO of Infineon was having a conversation with Patterson, and he was very interested in the fact that they’re moving to Switzerland.
21079	The CEO of Mend did not return emails seeking comment, but the clinic's website says it charges US$195 for a home visit to collect swabs for Covid-19 tests, with the laboratory tested Quest then billing a patient's insurance to process the samples.
21080	The CERB, now budgeted at $60 billion, has paid out $52.14 billion to over eight million people as of Sunday, as demand surges past original federal expectations.
21081	The chairman has abandoned the state office of the party to the extent that one cannot say there is any opposition party in Bauchi.
21082	The chairman, however, said the committee was not satisfied with the funding of FERMA, saying the agency should get much more than it got presently.
21083	"The chairman of the management board must leave immediately," the statement reads.
21084	The challenge before Twitter is the need to raise additional funds before the deal could see the light of day.
21085	The challenges for humanity in terms of judicious distribution of water resources for humans and livestocks in the years to come are huge.
21086	The challenge will be more for bigger banks with high deposit base, the analyst added.
21087	The chance to break out of your everyday routine, meeting up with pals, being taken out of yourself for 90 minutes or beyond.
21088	The change announced Friday follows complaints that people seeking those products have been at a disadvantage since a new state law allowing recreational sales took effect this year.
21089	The change didn't completely satisfy fans, but it managed to easy the tension at the very least.
21090	The Change.org petition called out the branding, which replaces the “Joe” in its title for more ethnic-sounding names,” as “racist” and said it “that belies a narrative of exoticism that perpetuates harmful stereotypes.”
21091	The changes to the building will allow them to engage students in even more meaningful and creative ways.”
21092	The change was first noted by observers on social media.
21093	The change would also allow for some limited public participation at County Square for meetings.
21094	The Channel has 2.5 million followers.
21095	The character and his adventures were inspired by pulp stories featuring hard-boiled detectives solving gruesome murders and dominating newstands in the pre-WWII United States.
21096	The character of Poppy is voiced in the film by Anna Kendrick.
21097	“The charge of criminal mismanagement relates to the fact that Valcke had not reported the mentioned advantages that he received to FIFA, as he was required to do as its Secretary General, thus unlawfully enriching himself,” the statement said.
21098	The charge pushed full-year net income to a $21.541 million loss, and fourth-quarter net income to a $44.882 million loss.
21099	The charges stem from an incident that happened Wednesday, July 22, around 9:45 p.m. in the vicinity of East 53rd Avenue and Sophia Street.
21100	The chart is additionally anecdotal because I am sharing it with you in a editorial, without being able to vouch for of the information.
21101	The Check Engine Light pops up, indicating that your exhaust manifold gasket may be in danger of a fault.
21102	The chemical can harm the nervous system, kidneys, heart and other vital organs, and, according to the U.S Environmental Protection Agency has been found to cause cancer in mice and rats.
21103	The Cherry Pantry was given a limited amount of time to move its operations to remain open as Main Campus closed earlier this month due the coronavirus pandemic.
21104	The Chicago native stepped into the then new role of chief of staff last March, and was put in charge of overseeing the department’s community outreach efforts.
21105	'The Chief and I work side-by-side,' Conley said of Meadows.
21106	”The chief Imam of the community was writing his sermon for Friday prayer when they broke into his room and shot him at close range.
21107	“The Chief Minister has confirmed that the file has actually been moved but that there has been no decision.
21108	“The Chief Minister of a State is not permitted to make such a statement and thirdly that it gives a very bad signal,” the plea said.
21109	The Chief Minister, sources said, has decided to send the case to a fast track court in order to ensure justice to the victim.
21110	The Chiefs and Ravens will most certainly be added to the mix upon the conclusion of what should be an epic MNF game.
21111	The Chiefs get a bit of room this year by guaranteeing more money down the road.
21112	The Chiefs parted ways with their leading rusher after a video surfaced of him kicking and shoving a woman at a Cleveland hotel.
21113	“The child is relatively stable.”
21114	The children were repaid with pea soup made from pigs' feet.
21115	The chile sauce slicking these noodles has a fruity heat, anchored by a touch of sweetness.
21116	The chilling image of Jamie Lloyd dressed similarly to her uncle was one that left a major impact.
21117	The Chilliwack-Kent MLA has come under fire for defending an article about the therapy in a Christian magazine, which he has also refused to stop advertising in.
21118	The Chinese are specialists in port construction and management.
21119	The Chinese authorities have turned to other types of treatments as well.
21120	The Chinese Embassy in Sri Lanka denounced Pompeo's visit to the island even before he arrived there, denouncing a senior U.S. official's warning that the country should be wary of Chinese investment.
21121	The Chinese government, banks and contractors extended $143 billion in loans to African governments and companies from 2000 to 2017, according to the China Africa Research Initiative at Johns Hopkins University.
21122	The Chinese government ordered it would be closing the border to Hong Kong in February and as Gareth saw the situation worsening in China, he managed to get across with 90 minutes to spare.
21123	The Chinese’s foray into the semiconductor market is dangerous to U.S. interests.
21124	The Chinese Super League club have upped their valuation of the Nigeria striker, 30, to around £22million if Ole Gunnar Solskjaer wants to keep him on for when the season resumes in June.
21125	The Chiron's powerplant has been heavily tweaked for the track weapon, as you can see in the video footage of the extreme Bolide in the clip below.
21126	The choice in November facing US citizens is one of two devils.
21127	The choices made can affect the flow of conversations, the relationship the protagonist has with party members, and even the performance of party members in battle sections.
21128	The choir prepares and performs religious and secular choral literature and the major monuments of the choral/orchestral repertoire.
21129	The Cholas were based in Tamil Nadu and had been around as a minor state from the second century B.C.E. However, their imperial period began in the 10th century C.E, when they dominated all of South India.
21130	The CHO on Saturday released data showing that Cagayan de Oro experienced a surge of COVID-19 infections — mostly local infections — beginning August with 154 cases.
21131	The chooses projects that bear little resemblance to each other.
21132	The chorus is an outright, unabashed tribute to Diffie in which Aldean chants, "Hey, Joe, Joe, Joe Diffie!"
21133	The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) says churches and other worship centres may be reopened in the first week…
21134	The circumstances surrounding the new cases which were added from within the area of operations of the Health Board's southern regional department within the past 24 hours are still being investigated.
21135	The CIT program incorporates one week at camp and one week out of camp on a 200+ mile bike trip.
21136	The city, along with Downtown Salisbury Inc., have formed an Empire Development Task Force to continue its search for a developer.
21137	The city and state attorneys involved in the suit said they believed it would succeed despite Uber’s ballot measure.
21138	The City Council and others seem to be struggling with the economics of why additional densification makes sense.
21139	The City Council on Tuesday will discuss the policy, which aims to produce and preserve housing while protecting residents from eviction.
21140	The city deemed Walker’s passing an official line of duty death — the first city employee to die from the virus.
21141	The city denied the FOIA request, citing the ongoing oversight investigation.
21142	The City Football Group CEO, Ferran Soriano, at an event after Mumbai City joined its list of clubs.
21143	The city has spent $290,000 on covid related issues.
21144	The City of Austin has been closing Rainey Street to vehicle traffic on weekend nights for the last two months as part of a to gauge the impact closures would have on safety and mobility.
21145	The City of Calgary is looking at an annual fee for residential parking permits.
21146	The City of Fredericton is launching a new website to get feedback from residents about what the city is doing.
21147	The City of La Porte City is considering submitting a Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) application for the Housing Sustainability Program as administered by the Iowa Economic Development Authority (IEDA).
21148	The city of Mainz in Germany closed off a large section of their downtown to vehicles permanently some years ago.
21149	The City of Murfreesboro sends out thank yous to the community partners and everyone that has cooperated in this challenging time.
21150	• The city’s first community assessment clinic opened at noon at the Brewer arena and within two hours had more than 100 people in line.
21151	The city’s provision of 32 downtown parking spaces for the project is also tied to the HUD loan program.
21152	The city’s South By Southwest festival, which draws hundreds of thousands of visitors each year, was canceled in March as the virus first began to spread in Texas.
21153	The civic body had announced the procurement of six machines before the pandemic.
21154	The civil and the army authorities are working in close coordination to ensure a seamless and smooth handling of the situation.
21155	The Claflins believe their investment is depreciating because of what is now occurring feet away from their house.
21156	The claim from the critics is not about "mass" voter fraud, it is about specific, targeted scamming in order to just swing the results enough.
21157	The Clarendon Hills Park District has reopened its playgrounds, although restrictions are in place because of the coronavirus pandemic.
21158	The clashes resulted in the wounding and suffocating of 15 protesters, while several security members were also wounded in the clashes, the official said.
21159	The clash had the ingriedients for a thriller but turned out to one way traffic as Pitso Mosimane’s charges dominated from the onset and Sandile Mthethwa’s second half red card made it even worse.
21160	The classic 1988 novel, which follows two women named Victoria “Vix” Leonard and Caitlin Somer, is known for its heavy sexual nature, which sets it apart from Blume’s usual tween-focused works like “Are You There God?
21161	The classic good cop/bad cop routine works best when the protagonists are aware they are doing it.
21162	The class was instructed by local artist Gabriela Gamperl and was held outdoors and socially distanced.
21163	The clause is there to replace EU structural funds, which for decades have redistributed money to local communities.
21164	The cleaner air is also something I’ve noticed.
21165	The clerics remained silent when Ahmadis, a sect viewed as heretic by mainstream Muslims, were excluded from a created by the government earlier this month to promote religious tolerance and counter persecution of minorities.
21166	The clerk at the county election office, most likely in Texas where Nasa is based, has a special password to download the astronaut's vote.
21167	The client tells her that he lost the DJ for his son’s bar mitzvah, Vanessa says she might be able to help him out, she knows someone.
21168	The clinical study of the two anti-SARS-Co-V2 equine immunoglobulin formulations marks a historic milestone in the development.
21169	The clippings said Ida began every morning by reading her Bible.
21170	The clip was a promotional post for Bang Energy and showed the brunette beauty walking in Miami Beach in an eye-catching polka-dot mini dress.
21171	The close encounter will be 2020 HW3’s first-ever trip to Earth’s celestial neighborhood, as detailed in a report published on Friday by NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL).
21172	The close of the State’s fiscal year is fast approaching.
21173	The closest things in America to Horten’s project were the submarine-launched Rigel, Triton and Regulus missiles.
21174	The closure extends to sports.
21175	The closure of the Chevron and Eberly stairs, the main passages to upper campus and Panther and Irvis Halls from Chevron Science Center, have impacted students by requiring them to find alternate ways to move between upper and lower campus.
21176	The closures are fueling fears of a break in the nation’s food chain.
21177	The closures help protect wintering big game by limiting stress so they can better survive the coldest and snowiest months.
21178	The closure was implemented to give officials a chance to study the lone wolf who has lived on the island since at least 2012.
21179	The club announced at halftime that a player had tested positive for COVID-19.
21180	“The club has been built by volunteers.
21181	The club has never won major honours in its 72-year history.
21182	The club has yet to release an update.
21183	The club is heading back to the top flight one way or the other.
21184	The club is in danger of being overtaken by men looking to build a casino over it.
21185	The club says that $450,000 of this money was for Jobkeeper payments for some of its 110 staff.
21186	The CMO spoke about his concern and the rising case saying, "I am very worried about the numbers we are seeing and how quickly they are deteriorating.
21187	The CNWS could be an excellent example for futuristic living.
21188	The coach at Collingwood told me my standards were too high, my expectations were too high.
21189	The coaches also selected the seniors to play in the 51st annual Dr. George P. Moses All-Star Classic on March 27 at Holy Redeemer High School.
21190	The Coast Guard reported in a press release that a search and rescue satellite alert went out from the fishing vessel Irony at about 4:45 p.m. in Union Bay.
21191	The Coast Guard said its boat and helicopter crews responded, and the Los Angeles County Fire Department’s Baywatch Avalon brought the pair to Santa Catalina Island.
21192	The cocktail is crafted with Sauza Hornitos tequila, raspberry, ginger and fresh lime juice, rimmed with raw sugar and topped with an invisible plane.
21193	The coffee giant set a preliminary target of halving emissions from „its operations and direct supply chain“ by 2030.
21194	The co-founders and executives' stakes in the business would be kept under full escrow until its results for the period September 2021, with some shares remaining under escrow until results for March 2022.
21195	The coin exchange machine at her apartment building, which has a coin-only washer and dryer, is running low on coins, so she’s had to hunt for them in the past few weeks.
21196	The Cola Amber is pictured here and the Tortoise Forest is also a stylish option.
21197	The collaboration with school nurses is part of the latest phase of this ongoing effort.
21198	The collage was pasted together with various excerpts from ‘The Sea Is History’, ‘Drums and Colours’, ‘The Schooner’s Flight’ ‘Sea at Dauphin’, ‘Omeros’, ‘Star Apple Kingdom ‘, ‘Joker of Seville’, ‘Acacia Trees’, – poetry and plays.
21199	The collapse also renewed debate about whether private ownership of such structures pits the quest for profit against the public good.
21200	The colonial-style hotel is one of the most famous hotels in the world.
21201	The Colorado native began mixing gospel, jazz and R&B into his playing from a very early age.
21202	The colorful collection of work by painter Moyer and fiber installation artist Pepe reimagines a tabernacle as a place for exploring ideas of justice, equality and knowing.
21203	The ‘colors’ refer to the flags representing the different regiments of the British Army.
21204	The Coluan cyborg plies the spaceways, attacking planets and stealing cities, then destroying the planet so he's the only one who has access to the civilization and its technology.
21205	The Columbus Dispatch, in an article for home gardeners about ways to deliver a “surgical strike” against pests, called for consumers to consider Bayer’s Merit soil treatment, which the paper called “virtually non-toxic.”
21206	The combination lock seems pretty robust, and the integrated steel cable means you can loop it round fixed objects.
21207	The combination of better-than-expected sales and lean inventories should rebuild profits at the Detroit automakers.
21208	“The combination of our technologies, existing commercial agreements and innovative products bring the right mix to solidify our positioning within the space.
21209	The combination of yield, investment-grade exposure, and potential for reduced volatility makes IG an alluring idea for income investors in the current market environment.
21210	The comedienne in her birthday message describe the popular actor as her dad also known as her ‘Sugar Daddy.’
21211	The Comets made their first appearance at BRIT since 1998, when current head coach Brett Ralph was a Grade 10 player on the team.
21212	The comics show Vader discovering the location of a Jedi named Kirak Infil'a, who left the order before Order 66. Infil'a was a Jedi Master who took the Barash Vow, meaning he would refrain from all Jedi activity as a penance for his crimes.
21213	The commander of region 1 of defense territory joint command, Rear Adm.
21214	The commands between us and G-d and those between us and our fellows are inseparable.
21215	The comment about ‘new capacity’ is apparently a reference to increased competition - again in an environment of lessened demand.
21216	The comment is not meant to diminish her role, or the significance of her office.
21217	The comments below have not been moderated.
21218	The commercial tenants could invoke the ‘force majeure’ to absolve them from rental payments during “an event beyond the parties’ control”.
21219	The Commissioner commended media practitioners for their cooperation and support to the campaign against Coronavirus.
21220	The commissioner further stated that the vaccination and fumigation is backed by the State Ministry of Health.
21221	The commissioner said testing in Kaduna had been enhanced, with the state now having two laboratories in the capital city and Zaria.
21222	The committee behind the construction of a presidential mansion in Washington hired John Williamson and his team of stonemasons in 1794.
21223	The committee made the comments in a preliminary summary of its nearly yearlong investigation of Boeing’s development of the Max and the FAA’s decision to approve the plane.
21224	The Committee of Interns and Residents, an affiliate of the Service Employees International Union, has heard from over 250 interns stuck abroad.
21225	The committee warned countries to prepare their health systems to deal with seasonal flu and other disease outbreaks along with the new coronavirus.
21226	The committee was also assured that talks are going on between the department and universities on the reviewed school calendar for next year’s university registration by learners who will sit for their matric exams this year.
21227	The committee was also to foster peaceful coexistence between the state and neighbouring countries of Chad, Cameroon and Niger Republics.
21228	The committee will also investigate Salmond’s allegations that Sturgeon’s close aides and civil servants orchestrated a witch-hunt against him – a charge Sturgeon has rejected.
21229	The committee will suggest all the measures for the short term, medium term and long term economic and financial revival (of Gujarat),” said Kumar.
21230	The Commodores connected on 42.3 percent of their shots from the field while holding the Lady Bulldogs to 33.3 percent shooting.
21231	The common loan fund could complement the EU's €1.1 trillion budget set for the next seven years.
21232	The communications tower erected next to the new Public Safety Building is able to accommodate up to five wireless networks, Town Manager Tom Hall said.
21233	The community, league, or team must designate a primary point of contact for all questions related to COVID-19.
21234	The compact 20-pin STCMB1 also integrates 800V startup circuitry as well as X-capacitor discharge and power-sequencing circuitry.
21235	The compact design is perfect for traveling and even throwing in your handbag for touch-ups.
21236	The company advised that due to the current general market uncertainty due to the coronavirus pandemic it is unable to provide quantitative guidance for FY/21.
21237	The company, along with affiliated South Korean automaker Kia, on Thursday said they were recalling over 600,000 vehicles in the U.S. and Canada to fix a brake fluid leak that could cause the fires.
21238	The Company also collaborates with other pharmaceutical companies to bring new molecules to market using proprietary, best-in-class technologies, like PharmFilm®, and has proven capabilities for drug development and commercialization.
21239	The company also sees a demand from international firms.
21240	The company believes that there is a broad gap in the retail delivery channel, especially the last-mile delivery for "in-store pickup" orders.
21241	The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $25.
21242	The Company currently has approximately $704 million of tax-deductible pools, tax losses, and tax credits ('') available for deduction during CP.
21243	The company did not give details on the illness.
21244	The Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
21245	The company expects most employees to work from home for the remainder of 2020.
21246	The company failed to cooperate with the health department’s investigation of a reported coronavirus outbreak, health officials said.
21247	The company had a trading volume of 1,774,067 shares.
21248	The company had originally planned to expand its trial to the seaside town in mid-July.
21249	The company had originally sought 15.32 bln rupees tax refunds for the year.
21250	The company had revenue of $446.00 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $443.35 million.
21251	The company had revenue of $7.72 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.80 billion.
21252	The company has a 50-day moving average of €8.13 and a two-hundred day moving average of €7.61.
21253	The company has a 50 day moving average price of $19.93 and a 200-day moving average price of $30.01.
21254	The company has a 50-day simple moving average of $15.80 and a 200 day simple moving average of $14.99.
21255	The company has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $14.
21256	The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $181.
21257	The company has a current ratio of 0.89, a quick ratio of 0.82 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.69.
21258	The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.83, a current ratio of 2.11 and a quick ratio of 0.93.
21259	The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.93, a current ratio of 2.17 and a quick ratio of 2.17.
21260	The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.31, a quick ratio of 1.39 and a current ratio of 1.82.
21261	The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77, a quick ratio of 1.12 and a current ratio of 1.13.
21262	The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 5.62, a quick ratio of 1.99 and a current ratio of 2.00.
21263	The company has a long track record of managing certification programs, including with growers and food and agriculture companies around the world.
21264	The company has already demonstrated an abort manoeuvre straight off the launch pad and has even conducted an end-to-end practice run to the International Space Station in which a dummy took the place of real people.
21265	The company has a market capitalization of $175.02 million, a PE ratio of 40.00 and a beta of 0.72.
21266	The company has a market capitalization of $91.33 million, a PE ratio of 13.64 and a beta of 0.88.
21267	The company has a market cap of $1,054.10 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.35, a PEG ratio of 1.78 and a beta of 1.17.
21268	The company has a market cap of $1.98 billion, a P/E ratio of 8.45, a P/E/G ratio of 0.59 and a beta of 1.41.
21269	The company has a market cap of $254.51 billion, a P/E ratio of 77.35, a PEG ratio of 3.77 and a beta of 1.35.
21270	The company has a market cap of $96.76 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 0.41 and a beta of 1.65.
21271	The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $113.
21272	The company has a quick ratio of 0.65, a current ratio of 0.88 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 2.10.
21273	The company has joined the quest to combat the virus epidemic with an App called UMOYO which is available in Play Store for all Android users in Malawi.
21274	The company hasn't revealed how many people have taken the firm up on its offer, but the proposal does offer convenience.
21275	The company has said it will not include any personally identifiable information in its new reports at any point.
21276	The Company intends to follow the provisions of the Alternative Information Guidelines set out in NP 12-203, including the issuance of bi-weekly default status reports in the form of news releases, for as long as the Company remains in default.
21277	The company is also retaining 13 jobs at its existing Lafayette office.
21278	The company is assessing the resulting operational, financial and banking facility impacts, and additional funding requirements on its operations.
21279	The company is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, July 21st.
21280	The company is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio.
21281	The company is obligated to build a new copper smelter in Indonesia as part of an arrangement to secure mining rights for Grasberg.
21282	“The company is open to exploring partnerships with pharma companies across geographies, however it may be too premature to comment on this at this point in time,” he added.
21283	The company is the title sponsor for the event’s Boyd Gaming 300 NASCAR Xfinity Series Race on Saturday.
21284	The company joins a movement across Kentucky to provide “recovery-friendly” employment.
21285	The company Mr Monguillot worked for, Keoilis, has boosted security for its employees, deploying guards on some of its bus services in the area.
21286	The company offers FieldSmart, a series of panels, cabinets, wall boxes, and other enclosures.
21287	The company operates through News & Media: News Distribution, News & Media: Media, and Mixed Freight segments.
21288	The company plans to increase capacity by 50 percent by the start of the peak season to effectively manage the demand spikes it is expecting.
21289	The Company provides its advertising customers, which include direct advertisers and mobile advertising networks through which advertisers place their advertisements, with direct access to highly targeted mobile users and global promotional channels.
21290	The company reported $0.20 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.11.
21291	The company reported $0.94 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.05.
21292	The company reported $1.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.09.
21293	The company reported profit before tax (PBT) at Rs 676.16 crore.
21294	The company routinely miscasts people of color, she claims.
21295	The company said that combined capital raised has no precedence globally in such a short time.
21296	The company saw accelerate subscriber growth and consumption across its streaming platforms in April.
21297	The company's chief executive revealed earlier this week that it had chosen to hold off on scaling up production in case its tests fail.
21298	The company’s fifty day moving average price is $303.05 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $246.71.
21299	The company’s quarterly revenue was up 2.2% compared to the same quarter last year.
21300	The company’s shareholding system is complex and some Samsung affiliates collectively hold larger stakes, but the Lee family holds stakes in those companies too, allowing them to control the group.
21301	The company's shares leaped Tuesday as the group reported sales climbed 9.9 percent last year, lifted by all markets and channels.
21302	The company’s stock had a trading volume of 17,106 shares, compared to its average volume of 40,910.
21303	The company taped television again last week in Baltimore, Maryland.
21304	The company was also one of three Finalist award winners in the worldwide partner of the year competition for 2019.
21305	The company was founded in 2015 by Alex and Viktor.
21306	The Company will also file all the necessary documents for approval of a change of business.
21307	The company will work with our customer in terms of correcting issues and operation recovery," the firm has informed the Taiwan Stock Exchange.
21308	The company with 7,500 employees and 26 production sites in 15 countries is underscoring the importance of warm clean water for showering and cleansing for healthiness.
21309	The competition has gone by a few names over the decade.
21310	The competition was designed to help fill the void of live sporting action caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and consisted of two "halves" of 15 minutes.
21311	The competition will be available via HUAWEI’s AppGallery, which boasts over 45,000 apps and 400 million monthly active users.
21312	The Complaint alleges that the Proxy Statement omits material information with respect to, among other things, the analyses performed by Adesto’s financial advisor.
21313	The Compton rapper has announced femme fatale Day Sulan as the first signing to his newly-launched …
21314	The concentration is a legacy of the U.S. occupation of Okinawa from the end of World War II to 1972.
21315	The concept for this mod is different from the classic version; here, the crewmates can disguise themselves as props in the spaceship.
21316	The concept of a guaranteed income to cover basic needs was promoted by former presidential candidate Andrew Yang and recently brought up by Pope Francis in a letter published in April by the Vatican.
21317	The concern was that holding strictly to IDEA and other laws could hinder schools in the urgency to move schooling from the classroom setting to online and home-based approaches.
21318	The concert series has been moved from its home in the fireside to the much larger main dinner theatre space to accommodate a safer number of guests at 25% capacity.
21319	The conclusion that it worked as it was supposed to doesn’t add up.”
21320	The condition of the lifeguard building at uShaka Beach needs attention, says Councillor Nicole Bollman, DA Community Services member.
21321	The conditions on Sept. 5 were hot and incredibly buggy.
21322	The conference call will be chaired by Don Walker, Chief Executive Officer.
21323	The confidentiality, privacy, and security of information in AB Staffing's care is one of our highest priorities and we take this incident very seriously.
21324	The conflict is rooted in long-standing tension between powerful regional party the Tigray People’s Liberation Front (TPLF) and Ethiopia’s central government.
21325	The Congo's entrenched system of and high-level competition further limits the ability to rule effectively.
21326	The Congress, particularly Rahul Gandhi, has been attacking the government over the handling of the situation.
21327	The connection was discovered by chance, he said.
21328	The consensus evaluators were puzzled by this because detail is not generally required in a high-level description.
21329	The consensus forecast for September's non-farm payrolls is 850K, with the unemployment rate easing to 8.2%.
21330	The consequences of doing otherwise are just too awful to consider,” he said.
21331	The Conservative party leader spent three days receiving "oxygen support", and admitted after his discharge on Apr 12 that his fight with the virus "could have gone either way".
21332	The consolidated net profit in Q1FY21 came in at Rs2,077.51cr that declined by 55.13% yoy, as compared to Q1FY20, when it had reported Rs4,629.87cr.
21333	The Constitution doesn’t leave much wiggle room on this front: The 20th amendment says that “The terms of the president and vice president shall end at noon on the 20th day of January, and the terms of their successors should then begin.”
21334	The construction company reported $0.91 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.74 by $0.17.
21335	The consumer is still the hero in the U.S. recovery story, but for how long can we expect consumers to remain resilient without additional stimulus?
21336	The contents of the advertisement were extremely obscene and vulgar.
21337	The contestant who came third in 1991 was Kate Dillon, then 17. Dillon, who went on to become a successful plus-sized model, says that many of her fellow competitors were “from places that were very poor.
21338	The contest is part of the Library System’s Strategic Plan, which includes Enjoyment as a focus area to inspire imagination and create opportunities to pursue passions.
21339	"The continuation of Australian racing has provided some options for our customers for now and for the New Zealand industry whose livelihoods depend on the TAB.
21340	The contrast between Taylor’s salary - £2.2m a year – and the relatively paltry amount the organisation contributed to dementia research is startling.
21341	The contributions have been across the board with Sony Michel, Rex Burkhead, James White, Damien Harris and rookie J.J. Taylor all pitching in. With Michel now on IR, it should provide more of an opportunity for Harris to show his mettle.
21342	The contribution will be made available where both German Doner Kebab, which has 41 restaurants throughout the UK, and Deliveroo provide coverage and where there is demand from NHS hospitals.
21343	The controversial cash-for-passports scheme will be retained, Prime Minister Robert Abela confirmed after pressure from the opposition and the business lobby to suspend or scrap it.
21344	The controversy might explain why the Queen forgot to put on her belt.
21345	The conversation is a reflection of the memories Teddy still allows to haunt him: those of violence in the war.
21346	The conversation started with Mr Trump tweeting against the New York governor, saying he showed “tremendously poor leadership” amid the pandemic and there were so many “unnecessary deaths” in the state.
21347	The co-op manages relationships with enterprises, which pay in a small portion of their savings on capital costs.
21348	The coordinator said that WaterAid had been partnering the state for some years through Small Towns Water and Sanitation Unit of Enugu State Ministry of Water Resources.
21349	The copper roof of the building is believed to have conducted a bolt of lightning, in turn igniting the fire.
21350	The cops arrive and a black boy is brought to the ground by one with a billy club choking off his air.
21351	The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) offers help for investors and small businesses.
21352	The coronavirus collapse was mostly a massive recession in the services sector.
21353	The coronavirus could reinforce their liberal politics.
21354	The coronavirus has spread from Iran, primarily via travelers who visited the holy pilgrimage city of Qom, to at least 12 other countries, including Armenia, which on Sunday reported its first case.
21355	The coronavirus has wreaked havoc for Amtrak and provided a tough challenge for Mr. Flynn, who became the rail agency’s chief executive in April, after years as the head of a cargo and passenger aircraft leasing company.
21356	The coronavirus is “something we’re tracking carefully,” Phillip Swagel, the director of the Congressional Budget Office, said Monday morning at an event in Washington, but said he did not have much else to add on the topic.
21357	The coronavirus pandemic again overshadowed the league on Sunday, with serious question marks over whether the NRL will be able to play on.
21358	The coronavirus pandemic could hurt demand from cyclically-exposed manufacturing customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey.
21359	The coronavirus pandemic has forced campuses around the country to rethink and rearrange in-person learning.
21360	The coronavirus pandemic is far from over, Santa Clara County Health Officer Dr. Sara Cody warned in a press conference, and misreported COVID-19 data at the state level may be making the situation look rosier than it actually is.
21361	The coronavirus pandemic is far from over, the World Health Organization, WHO has said.
21362	The coronavirus threatens much more than physical health.
21363	The coroner’s report in the death of Elijah McClain, who died while in police custody in Aurora, Colorado, emphasized his slender coronary artery of myocardial infarction in 23-year-old men.
21364	“The cost of living in New York — the high taxes, regulations and housing costs — are making it untenable to live the American dream here,” Staten Island Councilman Joe Borelli told the New York Post.
21365	The cost of registering a new internet address, and the monthly cost of maintaining one, is about to go up a smidgen - reflecting some big changes in the background.
21366	The cost of the project or the solar system, which includes battery storage is R386, 923. The battery storage will help power the ashram’s fresh vegetable freezers during the load-shedding, which will reduce food and fresh vegetable loss.
21367	The costs of the post-9/11 wars have been well documented by the Brown University Costs of War Project, with a budgetary cost of $6.4 trillion through fiscal year 2020.
21368	"The council has recommended we sit out the notice and wait to be evicted.
21369	The council, in a 4-3 vote Tuesday night, rejected an ordinance that would have allowed sales in the city’s highway commercial zoning district.
21370	The council on Wednesday authorized $1.8 million for up to 20,000 hours of additional overtime for Transit Police.
21371	The council passed the one percent earnings tax, effective July 1, 2018, during a special meeting on Feb. 5, 2018, on people who live or work in the municipality.
21372	The council’s 14 area action partnerships have been awarded £1.4 million to support projects across County Durham, whose selfless volunteers are helping their communities to cope with coronavirus.
21373	The counties with the lowest unemployment rate in June were Lafayette County with 5.7%, Clark County at 6.1%and Taylor County with 6.2%.
21374	The country and the governing African National Congress (ANC) both urgently needed rescuing from the malaise.
21375	The country expects to receive 8 million foreign tourists this year.
21376	The country faces the prospect of days or weeks of vote counting, during which the final result will be uncertain.
21377	The country has 798 cases of Covid-19 disease linked to the new coronavirus, including 10 deaths, according to latest figures.
21378	The country has also recorded more than 66,000 deaths.
21379	The country has instead relied on voluntary measures in an effort to get Swedes to stay far enough apart to avoid infecting each other.
21380	The country has not resorted to locking down society to suppress the virus, and a national emergency declared in April largely depended on voluntary compliance.
21381	The country is in a 21-day lockdown to contain the spread of the dreaded which has infected more than 2,000 people with more than 50 deaths.
21382	The country let some of the worst fears of the founders come true.
21383	“The country needs to be put back together slowly.
21384	The country ordered schools to close for at least a week in 19 of its 54 provinces and cities, including Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, which together account for over 4 million students.
21385	The country roasted in eight of the 10 hottest days recorded.
21386	The country routinely failed on certain indicators of "ruling justly".
21387	The country’s best hope is to curb the spread of the virus by persuading everyone to stay home and reduce contact.
21388	The country sees an incessant spike in the corona positive cases.
21389	The country’s premier tax collection agency has paid tribute to its former head, Khurshid Sattaur.
21390	The country struggled to eradicate the disease, and passed polio across its borders to countries previously polio-free such as Chad, Ghana, and Togo.
21391	The country’s worst mass as a domestic dispute between the gunman and his girlfriend, who survived the attack, a police official has said.
21392	The country up-and-comer gives an energetic performance of the track in a candy-colored studio in the video above, premiering exclusively with The Boot; press play above to watch.
21393	The country with the highest death rate is Belgium, with 79 fatalities per 100,000 inhabitants, followed by Spain with 60, Italy 54, Britain 53, and France 43.
21394	The County received approximately $101 million of funding from the U.S. Treasury as its local share of the COVID-19 response funding in the federal CARES Act.
21395	The county said the individual was between the ages of 18 and 60 but would not release any more details, including the date the death occurred.
21396	The county says it will have the design options available on on Monday.
21397	The County will also notify you if your project does not qualify for a grant.
21398	The couple attended the ‘Once Upon A Time In Hollywood’ premiere on July 17, 2019.
21399	The couple felt they could integrate the two existing decks, built seven years ago with an Indonesian hardwood called batu.
21400	The couple is hopeful Halle will live a long and happy life, especially when they hear stories about other survivors, like a woman who recently celebrated her 58th birthday.
21401	The couple now have the same rights to healthcare, work and study as an Italian citizen.
21402	The couple put on a confident display as they arrived in pouring rain at the annual event at 's Mansion House - their first official engagement since announcing they are stepping down as senior royals.
21403	The couple tied the knot in an Anand Karaj ceremony.
21404	The couple who are members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints faith, which permits contraception, but encourages big families, claim that having a big family can be easier than just having a couple of children.
21405	The course consisted of an 8km cross country ski, followed by a 10 km run, 5 km skate, a 5 km run, and an 800-metre swim.
21406	The course contains a total of 14 modules that focused on providing Department of Defense doctrinal knowledge and lectures as well as how to respond to a disaster appropriately.
21407	The court after hearing arguments dismissed the appeal.
21408	The court also asked people not to lose heart as the “novel COVID-19 is not immortal”.
21409	The court directed that the four men - Mukesh Kumar Singh (32), Pawan Gupta (25), Vinay Kumar Sharma (26) and Akshay Kumar (31) - be hanged by neck on March 3 at 6 am until they are dead.
21410	The court heard Mr Nobes had been in contact with the woman, who cannot be legally named, earlier in the day via Facebook Messenger, using his computer, as she was helping him find his phone.
21411	The courthouse is undergoing a deep clean.
21412	The court is taking up the biggest cases of its phone arguments.
21413	The court ruled in 2015 that the system did not allow enough time for lawyers to take instructions, prepare statements, translate documents and obtain evidence.
21414	The court said that an exists if there is a "substantial obstacle in the path of a woman seeking an abortion before the fetus attains viability."
21415	The Court should open door to iron out all sundry security issues in our nation, while we look forward to a Nigeria void of sectarianism, nepotism and schism.
21416	“The court should reject this effort to stop the publication and dissemination of a book critical of the president.”
21417	“The court’s legitimacy is crucially important to all the justices in this extraordinarily fragile time,” Rosen added.
21418	The court won’t make details of Exxon’s motion public until after Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey responds.
21419	The Court would become merely a partisan plaything and essentially an adjunct to the legislative branch — all that would stay the same would be the black robes.
21420	The cover art for Bill & Ted Are Doomed features the duo, along with their robots, Station, and their wives and Death.
21421	The COVID-19 crisis and the world economic crisis have increased the debts even further, which generally means that those countries are ever more controlled by imperialist countries.
21422	The Covid-19 disease has made us to be aware that the life we have will not last forever.
21423	The COVID-19 outbreak has already caused a slowdown in the overall economy in Myanmar.
21424	The COVID-19 pandemic and the resultant lockdown measures limited trading hours and the movement of people," she said.
21425	The COVID-19 pandemic, Ridley says, had nothing to do with the shoe policy announcement.
21426	The Covid-19 pandemic shows that the two governing parties of the United States are presiding over a failed state.
21427	The COVID-19 pandemic, which has killed nearly 180,000 people and infected more than 2.5 million globally, has thrown the travel and tourism industry into turmoil.
21428	The COVID crisis has brought many of these issues to the forefront.
21429	The Covid vaccines need to be taken in two doses about a month apart.
21430	The Coyotes & Cartels have weapons!"
21431	The CPSO was a little known office until it was occupied by Major Hamza al-Mustapha (rtd) Late General Abacha held sway as Nigeria's leader.
21432	The crash caused a traffic jam for a good portion of the afternoon.
21433	The crash happened at about 2.15am on the N1 Dublin-Belfast road near the border at Carrickcarnon.
21434	The crash occurred in the foggy hills above Calabasas, California, about 30 miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles, a person familiar with the situation told The Associated Press.
21435	The Creative District Improvement Company (TCDI Co), which is currently on a PR offensive in the UK touting a $640M war chest to invest in the UK’s studios scene, has an offer on the table for Dagenham.
21436	“The crew and Surface Development Squadron One are working hand-in-hand with the acquisition community to advance this ship’s operational capability.”
21437	The Crimson Tide took over the wide receiving corps for the 2020 draft.
21438	The crisis has supported this move, leading to a decline in the advertising investments in print media and toward online sources,” the report said.
21439	“The crisis will only multiply this misery,” “The economic growth in Nigeria, that is the GDP, could in the worst case scenario, contract by as much as –8.94% in 2020.
21440	The crosswalk quickly fills with people as the light changes, but that does not stop the attacker.
21441	The crowds on the Mall were strikingly thinner than the one gathered for last year’s jammed celebration on the National Mall.
21442	“The Crown has told you a story, but a story is not the same thing as evidence.
21443	The crown says it’s always pleased when they receive a guilty plea, adding it will spare the victim from the emotional trauma of having to testify.
21444	The crucial point is that merely "seeing" the person is not enough.
21445	The crux of this rebellion is a shorter length with swinging tweed skirts and velvet culottes, cut to skim the knee, among the early takeaways presented on the catwalk today.
21446	The CSIF union said that people’s health was being threatened and that the field hospital was breaking occupational health laws with greenhouse-style temperatures.
21447	The CSWG called on the commission to release interim findings which, they argued, would “help to facilitate accountability and strengthen the work of our law enforcement agencies”.
21448	The CT scan came out well.
21449	The Cubs have two weeks — and several possible directions to consider — before filling the newly added 26th roster spot.
21450	“The culture here needs to change,” he deadpans.
21451	The cumulative death toll now stands at 8,150.
21452	The curated collection of known and potential antiviral compounds CAS has developed provides a pool of candidate molecules that, if proven active against COVID-19, could be repurposed as short-term treatments.
21453	The currency opened weak at 75.90 at the interbank forex market, down 19 paise over its last close.
21454	The current Abe administration has been too soft on China, makes me wonder what personal investments they have in backdoor deals.
21455	The current expansion is important to Oracle's efforts.
21456	The current fiscal hole, however, remains unresolved.
21457	The current mandate for the two Turkish crossings ends on July 10, and the Security Council hasn’t yet engaged in serious discussions on the Belgian-German draft resolution.
21458	The current policy does not serve the best interest of the Bermudian people and will be revised in the coming months.”
21459	The current, prototype version of the Hunter, which first appeared in January 2019, features an AL-31 engine that protrudes from the fuselage.
21460	The current Rescue 116 crew flew a ‘heart’ in the sky following a rescue in Dublin yesterday – which left a radar trail that read ‘R116’ inside a heart.
21461	The current status of the officers who smashed Young’s vehicle, assaulted her and her nephew, and took her 2-year-old?
21462	The current tax payable for the Consolidated entity of $1,785,399 (2019: $290,609) represents the amount of income tax payable in respect of the current and prior periods.
21463	“The current trends show a country in imminent collapse, as a global capital of corruption where those implicated aren’t prosecuted but rewarded.”
21464	The curtain went down on starting at 5 p.m. Thursday, March 12, and though April 12.
21465	The curves of glass and steel could easily be an art museum.
21466	The Customs Amendments Bill is already in Parliament and when passed, will regulate the importation of vehicles into Ghana.
21467	The Customs Joint Commissioner, J. D Chetan, said the suspect who resided in Mumbai, until he moved to Bengaluru last month, was apprehended by the operatives after he showed proof of ownership to the parcel containing the illicit drugs.
21468	The CW has tackled iconic franchises and reboots before, with spinning off Archie Comics and being redone with a modern update.
21469	The Cybertruck will also have a maximum payload rating of 3,500 pounds, and be able to tow up to 14,000 pounds, according to Tesla.
21470	The cyclone uprooted trees in several areas of Chennai even as incidents of wall collapse were reported from some parts of the state.
21471	The CZU complex fires and the nearby and SCU complex have blackened 229,000 acres thus far, making it the 7th largest fire in the state’s history.
21472	The daily number of cases reported by the app has risen gradually since May 11, the day after Boris Johnson announced a gradual easing of lockdown restrictions.
21473	The Dallas-based airline said Thursday it had reached a confidential agreement with Boeing for a portion of financial damages following two fatal crashes of Lion Air and Ethiopian Airlines and the.
21474	The Dancehall artist and head of the Shatta Movement Shatta Wale has got the heads of people spinning as the price of his Prince Tartan Slippers surfaces.
21475	The Danes did want their F-35s to be stealthy.
21476	The danger emanates from a singular combination of events, the worst pandemic in a century and the most undemocratic president in our history.
21477	The dangerous virus has infected millions of people across the globe.
21478	The Danish chapter of SOS-Racism, an international association, had said a racist motive couldn't be ruled out, and the Danish chapter of Black Lives Matter had portrayed the case as a “racial murder.”
21479	The Dark Blues will be without central defender Forster, who has fractured a bone in his foot and will be sidelined for up to six weeks.
21480	The DA said it believes that the reopening of non-contact sports will not only be a welcome boost for the sports sector and the economy but will also lift the spirits of athletes and the public during this unprecedented time.
21481	The data below by Morningstar details how the price to sales, earnings, cashflow, and book value have contracted versus 5-year averages.
21482	The data extracted by your ETL tool is raw.
21483	The dates of supplementary exams are yet to be announced.
21484	The day after Thanksgiving is listed on my Google Calendar as “Native American Heritage Day”, not “Black Friday” as it is frequently known.
21485	The day after the party, Jessica contacted RedRocks Neapolitan Bistro to let them know she disapproved of the event that had taken place the previous night and saying she was “horrified” by the whole thing.
21486	The day before had seen an even bigger rescue operation.
21487	The days of Everton remaining the city’s Irish club were about to end.
21488	The days were warm, windy and bright, ushering in spring’s first full moon.
21489	“The deadline-day arrival from Shanghai Shenhua could be involved when the Reds to Belgium in the round of 32 on Thursday 20 February.
21490	The deadline for taxes is coming up quickly on July 15, and tax professional is convinced there are plenty of people out there who haven’t filed, or have forgotten whether they already did.
21491	The deadly disease asserted itself even before the topic arose in one of six discrete rounds of questioning.
21492	The deadly new illness caused by is spreading rapidly as there are now over 830 cases reported in China, with the death toll reaching 26 people so far.
21493	The deal eventually fell through when Ye was detained by Chinese authorities in 2018 in what was reportedly an anti-corruption charge.
21494	The deal itself has already been much analyzed and commented upon.
21495	The deal marks Cloudflare’s first acquisition since going public in September.
21496	The deal “sounds too good to be true”, he added.
21497	The deal was closed at the Berlin Film Festival.
21498	The deal was panned by Palestinian leaders, as well as Turkey and Iran.
21499	“The death is not being treated as suspicious and a file is being prepared for the Coroner.
21500	The death of Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday is perceived to have created power…
21501	The death of Alex's father Jeremiah didn't help matters either, and she found herself largely unable to cope with all the rapid changes to her life, which is in turn leading to her path of vigilantism.
21502	The death rate in the city has seen a sharp decline since June.
21503	The deaths Wednesday were two women, age 60 and older, from Hillsborough County.
21504	The death toll from COVID-19 in the U.S. with more than 869,000 confirmed cases nationwide.
21505	The death toll in Italy (12,428) and Spain (9,053) is still higher than the United States.
21506	The death toll was 28,131 as of May 1, just short of the Italian total, increasing pressure on the conservative government which has been accused by the opposition of having acted too slowly in the early stages of the outbreak.
21507	The decade-old Agency, which reports to the Ministry of Labour & Social Affairs, operates a total of 50 offices.
21508	The deceased has been identified as Sarabjit Kaur and her friend, who is absconding, as Maninder Singh.
21509	The decision to charge Masuku and Diko, both PEC members, and suspend them from participating in ANC activities comes after the party's.
21510	The decision to drop the case came after an internal review which found there was no foundation ever to investigate Flynn and certainly not prosecute him.
21511	The decision to have their replacements from outside the agency contradicts that claim, some staff of the agency said.
21512	“The decision to suspend a search is never easy and a lot of factors are considered before suspending a search.
21513	The decision was made by American Golf Corporation, which closed all of its courses around the country, including four in Orange County.
21514	The decision, which follows guidelines from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and New York Governor Andrew Cuomo’s office, was made in an effort to continue to contain the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19).
21515	The deep red color is indicative of the highest amount of aerosols within the smoke plumes.
21516	‘The Deer Hunter’ To Receive 4K UHD Collector’s Edition Release From Shout Select In May!
21517	The defeat came in its most recent appearance, after the 2012 season.
21518	The defeat was welcomed by the Federation of Small Businesses’ Andrew McRae, who said: “This was not the time to hit small businesses with new annual rates bills in excess of £7,000.”
21519	The defence lawyers had also complained that the video clips that were supplied to them by the prosecution were not the original ones which the accused persons were said to have intercepted and shared.
21520	The Defence Ministers met a few days ago and the meeting of the External Affairs Ministers indicate an intention to resolve matters peacefully.
21521	“The defendant Browning then struck the plaintiff several times with an open palm, which subdued the plaintiff sufficiently for the defendant Browning to successfully handcuff the plaintiff,” the response reads.
21522	The defendant, Mohammed Rashid Sahab, 36, who is an Iraqi, was found guilty of participating in a terrorist organization and in the rape and abduction of Yazidi women.
21523	The defendants took their plea and were granted bail on liberal terms by the Magistrate, Mrs Linda Okoro, who adjourned the matter to June 10, 2020.
21524	The defense has to respect the jet sweep to James White, and that gap between the D tackle and the defensive end was looking juicy as heck prior to the snap.
21525	The Delaware Department of Natural Resources has an incentive for Black Friday shoppers who are interested in a low-digit surf fishing tag.
21526	The ‘Delete Messages’ feature for group chats will make it easy for the admins to manage old messages and chats.
21527	The Delhi government has sent their names to the Vice-Chancellor, but the Delhi University reportedly did not send these names to the colleges causing problems in forming the governing body.
21528	The Delhi Police took to Twitter to create awareness about the ‘Janata curfew’ and appealed to people to stay indoors.
21529	The Delhi University Teachers Association has, in several statements, termed such exams systems a “mockery”, “biased”, and agents of “increasing digital divides”.
21530	The demand for it is going to stay there.”
21531	The Democratic National Convention, originally set to take place in Milwaukee in July, has been delayed one month.
21532	The Democratic Party on the other hand is built on major strands that include; peace and prosperity for all, social liberalism and equality.
21533	The De Niros don’t seem to be on the same page when it comes to COVID caution.
21534	The department also issued a $20 million grant for research to develop models that do not rely on human fetal tissue.
21535	The department appealed to South Africans to always check the source of documents and information they received before sharing it further.
21536	The department based its budget on past spending averages instead of current projects, Wood said.
21537	The department expects to be able to begin processing those claims by May 15, 2020.
21538	The Department for Education employs 3,800 people.
21539	“The department has been facing a challenge in carrying out the revised assessments due to various issues related to DVRs.
21540	The Department of Agriculture (DA) on Monday, May 5, launched the “eKadiwa” digital project that links farm producers to consumers amid the extended enhanced community quarantine (ECQ).
21541	The Department of Eduction has given confusing or vague guidance to institutions.
21542	“The Department of Health does not comment on individual cases to protect the confidentiality of the persons concerned,” the department responded.
21543	The Department of Health is in negotiation with commercial call centres to staff the programme, seen as a crucial 'safety net' to allow the easing of lockdown measures without a second spike.
21544	“The Department of Homeland Security’s national security mission is supposed to be non-partisan and should operate outside the realm of campaign politics.
21545	The Department of Justice said a full investigation of the incident is a "top priority."
21546	The department of Philosophy and World Religions strives to teach students such skills and encourage them to think, write and argue effectively.
21547	The department says the FBI had insufficient grounds for interviewing Flynn about his “entirely appropriate” calls and that any imperfect statements he made weren’t material to the broader counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign.
21548	The department says virus-related hospitalizations had reached 2,217 as of Tuesday, including 531 people in intensive care units.
21549	The departures aren't related to any disagreement with the company, eBay said.
21550	The deputies arrested without resistance.
21551	The deputies were shot multiple times as they sat in their patrol vehicle at a Metro rail station in Compton.
21552	The deputy economy minister said he hopes that after a break this year Lithuanian colleagues will consider the possibility of organizing a session of the Belarus-Lithuania commission on trade and economic cooperation.
21553	The description is similar to what another witness testified.
21554	The design breaks down into two pieces, the bodice and the base; the latter includes a PVC grid for the dress to sit on, complete with wheels.
21555	The destruction they suffered was uncalled for,” he said.
21556	The developing and unincorporated Ladson area reported the steepest increase in rental rates year over year of nearly 7 percent, climbing to $1,259 a month in November.
21557	The development came just hours after Lagos state Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu warned on Twitter that the growing protests against police brutality in Nigeria had "degenerated into a monster that is threatening the well-being of our society."
21558	The development comes as a part of its “boycott Chinese” products and services campaign in the light of growing border tensions between the two Asian giants.
21559	The development is on the site of the former Beechwood School, which also housed Craighill Primary School for a time.
21560	The development officers of the Congolese Rugby Federation will also be sent to Grand Kasai to ensure the training of the players.
21561	The development of nanotechnology for the administration of drugs is further boosting the growth of the market.
21562	The development of the child is prioritised very highly, so as well as providing a safe environment for childcare, the institutions co-operate with parents to support the development of the individual’s self-esteem.
21563	The development of the IT market, engineering and other high-tech services is not only the creation of added value and jobs within the country, more and more opportunities appear for the export of such services abroad.
21564	The development of workable coronavirus vaccines in just eight months is testament to the brilliance and expertise of scientists around the world.
21565	The device then sends an alert to a list of mobile numbers belonging to people in the local area.
21566	The DGP said that there is no such thing.
21567	The difference in campaign contributions between Staggs and Wilson pale, however, when compared to Green Party mayoral candidate Michael Cundick — whose total contributions added up to $6,109, all of it from individuals.
21568	The difference is that in 2018, the lease amendment amounted to a reconfiguration of the whole lease and the building of a new structure.
21569	The difference: it is an online culture now, with everyone house-bound.
21570	The different of tulips convey different meanings.
21571	The different types of the disorder can also be distinguished by the severity of their signs and symptoms.
21572	The difficulty of the soil to hold on to organic matter under tropical conditions such as abundant rainfall and warm environment is appreciated, hence there is need to sustain high content in the soil to keep the soil sustained for its uses.
21573	The directive against the Facebook page followed several refusals by the website’s editor to comply with orders to post corrections, including to information it shared about Coronavirus.
21574	“The Directorate is established to coordinate, collate and disseminate information from the theatres of all Armed Forces of Nigeria led operations.”
21575	The director Oz Perkins — son of the “Psycho” star Anthony — uses unorthodox photography, creepy music and hushed performances to craft this genuinely unsettling 2016 haunted-house movie.
21576	The discharge of 1,362 patients from hospitals took the total number of recoveries to 23,409, while the number of active cases stood at 18,878.
21577	The discharges have serious consequences for downstream communities.
21578	The disconnect is partly the result of a lack of bold, clear action.
21579	The discussion surrounding our presence on social media is fraught.
21580	The disease caused by the new strain of coronavirus was officially named Covid-19 by the World Health Organization.
21581	The disease has now killed more than 2,000 people and infected more than 72,000 in China since it first emerged in the central city of Wuhan late past year.
21582	The disgraced 67-year-old movie mogul was found guilty on the two counts by a jury on Monday morning (24.02.20) after over four days of deliberations in the case.
21583	The dish does smell and by the end of the day, I started smelling of axone.
21584	The display, which will be available later this year, pairs perfectly with GeForce® RTX®, the world’s fastest gaming GPUs, to deliver the absolute best competitive gaming experience.
21585	The distillery put out a April 15 announcing a “a strategic shift to hand sanitizer production” and the hiring of five employees to handle the ramped-up production.
21586	The district education council unanimously voted the day after the election to ask the province to explain its decision.
21587	The district has a total of $240,901.70 in lunch accounts for inactive students and students who just graduated.
21588	The district health authorities have confirmed that 20 of the 24 samples sent for examination have been tested negative for coronavirus infection.
21589	The district said families would have the choice of whether they would want their kids to return to school.
21590	The district’s YouTube accounts at YouTube.
21591	The district uses an igloo as its logo, and those walking into the high school are greeted with the words: “It’s a great day to be an Eskomo.”
21592	The district will also receive $11 million from the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, though some must go to private schools.
21593	The diversity of that group — with differences in background, skill and thought — makes us a stronger fighting force.”
21594	The diversity that is usually considered for the awards will, however, be maintained to some extent.
21595	The DJ from The Current takes his show to Twitch.
21596	The doccie explores different layers of the whys and how’s of the subject of black hair.
21597	The Dockers were the only unbeaten side during the regular season in 2020 and they thumped Gold Coast 80-10 in the semi-finals before the campaign was abandoned due to COVID-19.
21598	The doctor, who is familiar with his patient’s heart, evidently agreed it was something he could safely prescribe for Mr. Trump.
21599	The document deals with every possible aspect of a massive outbreak, including media management and scaling down of operations once the disease ebbs.
21600	The document itself is broken up into columns that pose a variety of coronavirus-focused questions like, “How does it spread from one host to another?” and “What personal protective equipment is effective, and who should be using it?”
21601	The dog’s body was wrapped in a blanket by rescue personnel.
21602	The Doha peace talks opened after the Taliban and Washington signed a deal in February, with the US agreeing to withdraw all foreign forces in exchange for security guarantees and a Taliban promise to start talks.
21603	The DOJ and FBI just announced the Biden’s have been under criminal investigation since 2019 for money laundering.
21604	The dollar was trading at 103.74 Japanese yen, down from 103.81 yen late Monday.
21605	The Dolly Hand Cultural Arts Center is located on the Belle Glade campus of Palm Beach State College at 1977 College Drive.
21606	The Dolphins gave linebacker the original-round restricted tender, Tom Pelissero of NFL Media reports.
21607	The Dolphins, who traded back from the 26th overall pick to the 30th with Green Bay, added to its secondary with the former Hewitt-Trussville and Auburn playmaker.
21608	The Dolphins would set aside an order of plays — about eight or so, according to Harris — and would run them in sequence, starting all the way back at the beginning if even one mistake was made.
21609	The dome of high pressure pushed the jet stream into northern Canada and forced cold air southward into the Rockies and the central US.
21610	The domestic A-League has six rounds to go and Football Federation Australia decided to press ahead without spectators amid the coronavirus pandemic, despite two of the 11 teams undergoing mandatory quarantine.
21611	The Dominican Fathers owned and operated St. Peter’s Cemetery from 1881 until Dec. 31, 1994, when it was turned over to the Roman Catholic Bishop of Portland.
21612	The donations will have a huge impact on our Special Olympics athletes, from the equipment to the training and up to the state games.
21613	The doors of the mosques will be closed soon after each congregational prayer and the total time period for which the mosque will be open will be just 20 minutes," it added.
21614	The DoS/SURE system also shows 9,090,962 as the certified voter registration number, and notes that 76.5 percent of this was the general election voter turnout, which yields 6,954,586 as the number of registered voters who voted.
21615	The Dothan-based project will create 70 jobs.
21616	The doubling rate in the city is around 50 days, Health Minister Satyendar Jain said.
21617	The DPP asked the accused person if, as the Chairman of the Finance Subcommittee of the NCA Board, the decision of the committee to supposedly approve a request by the NSCS for support to buy the Pegasus machine was approved by the main board.
21618	The draft EIS also did not address the presence of petrol underneath the site, which if disturbed, may affect the health of contractors and staff, particularly as the facility would be enclosed, preventing any vapours from escaping.
21619	The draft law imposes criminal penalties including jail terms for those who defy the Morrison government’s bid to halt waste exports in a staged plan that starts within six months.
21620	The draw of playing on an all-trans team even attracted two professional players, with former NWHL defenseman Harrison Browne joining Platt.
21621	The driver left her at the park at 3am.
21622	"The driver may experience an increase in brake pedal travel, together with a reduction in the rate of deceleration, increasing the risk of a crash."
21623	The driver, now removed from the car and covered in blood, was asking for help.
21624	The driver of the car, a male in his late teens, was taken to Cork University Hospital with serious injuries.
21625	“The driver of the Honda Odyssey sustained minor injuries,” police said.
21626	The driver remained on scene according to police, who say drugs and alcohol are not suspected to be a factor in the crash.
21627	The driver was taken into custody as police continue their investigations.
21628	“The driver, who was alone in the truck, was hospitalised in a serious by stable condition.
21629	The drive will help stock the center and some diapers will be distributed to these families to take home.
21630	The DRP was suspended in 2014.
21631	“The dry tinder was racial and social inequality,” said Myron Orfield, director of the Institute on Metropolitan Opportunity, which focuses on race and poverty in metropolitan areas.
21632	The Dubai-based airline had ordered a world-record 150 of the 777X aircraft almost seven years before this Saturday's successful test flight of Boeing's most expensive plane ever.
21633	The Duchess put everyone at ease and had a really engaged discussion with us for 90 minutes about our work and the rights of teenage girls who live in poverty.
21634	The Ducks have lost three of their last four games and have dropped three consecutive home games.
21635	The Duke and Duchess of Sussex posted a statement on Friday claiming that the Queen does not own the word royal across the world after they were forced to drop their 'Sussex Royal' brand.
21636	The Duke and Duchess were unexpectedly stripped of their Metropolitan Police security team after their move to North America following their announcement they were stepping down as senior members of the Royal Family earlier this year.
21637	The duke gave a reading and the couple spoke to survivors of the Holocaust and more recent genocides.
21638	The Duke of Sussex reportedly provided a little direction, from, as he put it, “the cheap seats.”
21639	The Duke of Sussex said, “The moment you become a father everything really does change because then you start to realize, well, what is the point in bringing a new person into this world when they get to your age and it’s on fire?”
21640	The duo had dated for 10 years before exchanging vows.
21641	The duo said they have put the putter to the test, recruiting Luyt’s old college golf coach Herman Wiebe, who has been in the golf industry 45 years.
21642	The dynamic commercial television networks draw big audiences for news and are highly trusted, although public broadcaster KBC is trusted less, with tabloid newspapers being the least trusted according to the survey.
21643	The Dynamos gaffer said generally, pre-season took between six and eight weeks and given that they had lost so much time due to the lockdown, expectations were that the PSL would give clubs the time equivalent to that lost due to the lockdown to prepare.
21644	The Eagles fell 3-5 to the Bismarck Representatives in game one of Monday night's doubleheader.
21645	The Eagles signed Scandrick in training camp after Strap went down with a foot injury.
21646	The Eagles went on to a 56-28 victory against Hemet.
21647	The Eagles were down to their practice squad receivers and 3rd string corners last year and the Eagles still won the division over a mostly healthy Cowboys.
21648	The early minutes of the second half shone a light on how Scotland managed to put it all together on the day.
21649	The early voting adds to the complexity of the process.
21650	The earthquake occurred at a depth of 1.8 miles.
21651	The Eastern Conference franchise Miami Heat also expressed their condolences.
21652	The ECB has other problems.
21653	The ECI now proposes to extend this facility to overseas voters as well.
21654	The e-commerce giant has already dipped its toe in the robotics and electric vehicle world, but not both at the same time.
21655	The economic base of the bank has grown enormously.
21656	The economic collapse caused by the pandemic was not Trump’s fault but it happened on his watch.
21657	The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) appointed the former president to head the political reconciliation in Mali where there is leadership tussle.
21658	The economic malaise is aggravated by the Covid-19 pandemic which could result in economic contraction this year by at least 8 percent.
21659	The economic situation remains bleak.
21660	The EDC's video subject, quality of life in Kandiyohi County, offers information to those younger workers who are interested in more than just how much they'll make at a new job.
21661	The EDD says they’re now working with the feds to crosscheck inmate names to try and identify fraud and working with cyber experts to insure it doesn’t happen in the future.
21662	The Edmonds Food Bank plans to make food provisions available to veterans.
21663	The Edo State Governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the September …
21664	The education they pursue, the training they sought, the hours they put in."
21665	The effect is named as the festive diya and can be located in the Effects Gallery.
21666	The effect isn’t to undercut the ambient sentimentality, though, but to highlight it.
21667	The effect on the lives of low-income families and their communities can be long-term and severe.
21668	The effects of Tropical storm Isaias, with its heavy rain and dangerous wind gusts, are still apparent, with the fleet of utility bucket trucks and the buzz of chain saws across the state.
21669	The effect will last as long as we are not able to go to cinema halls.
21670	The effort could cost millions of dollars, according to The Wall Street Journal.
21671	The effort has come after the state of Georgia decided not to send out absentee ballot applications for its upcoming elections.
21672	The effort is an offshoot of the holiday feeding that began at Children’s Memorial Lutheran Church at Independence Ave & Brighton almost twelve years ago.
21673	The Egyptian Football Federation said on Friday that Salah, 28, returned a positive test but is not displaying any symptoms.
21674	The eighth pillar, is the opportunity to foster a green economy manufacturing hub in South Africa to provide new solar, wind and other sustainable energy sources.
21675	The eldest of four siblings.
21676	The e-learning platform aims to boost the number of Irish food start-ups, by giving entrepreneurs expert advice and guidance that they can follow from their own homes, offices and kitchens.
21677	The election is also an important one for the Working Families Party, a minor party that has a track record of supporting progressives challenging Democratic incumbents in party primaries.
21678	The election was rigged.
21679	The elective congress to choose a new president to replace the late founding leader Morgan Tsvangirai was scheduled to this Saturday at the Harare International Conference Centre (HICC).
21680	The electric pressure cooker can be washed in a dishwasher and has a non-stick inner pot which can be easily cleaned.
21681	The El will stop at every station all the time — even during rush hour.
21682	The e-mail was sent two hours before the school’s Teachers Association was scheduled to hold an online meeting with families to discuss hybrid learning.
21683	"The emergency call system was a black hole," said Duffney, who left the facility in April 2018.
21684	“The emergency declaration is the reason, the best possible reason.”
21685	The Emirates Cricket Board is eager to fill up 30-50 per cent of the stadiums with spectators when the IPL is held in the UAE provided the government there approves, its secretary Mubashshir Usmani told PTI on Friday.
21686	The employee last worked at the store three weeks ago.
21687	The employees who are allowed to stay at home during this period must confine themselves to home and not move around.
21688	"The employment rate for women in Japan has grown most among the Group of Seven major countries," he also said at a meeting of the government's headquarters to create a "society in which all women can shine."
21689	The empty schools, theaters, sports venues, libraries and other public facilities across the country raise a big question: How far can the government go?
21690	The encouragement to report caste atrocities has to be backed with improved enforcement of the law and speedy justice.
21691	The end result has allowed Diana Prince to take her rightful spot as one of the biggest players in DC movies.
21692	The energy company reported ($0.23) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.04 by ($0.27).
21693	The Energy Efficient Communities Program was announced as part of the Government's Climate Solutions Package in the 2019 Federal Budget.
21694	The England striker suffered a repeat problem in the early stages of the 6-0 FA Cup win at Millwall in March 2017.
21695	“The enhanced safety protocols around fall move-in due to COVID-19 resulted in an increased volume of items mailed to campus,” Nargi wrote.
21696	The enormity of the numbers stacks up quickly.
21697	The enterprise value of the deal is over $1 billion.
21698	The entertainment business media is a challenge with regard to what's happened because of the COVID impacts.
21699	The entire aviation sector will continue to face significant challenges in the years to come.
21700	The entire community has stepped up, Achife said.
21701	The entire fanbase was in a state of shock, and not a lot of us were quite sure how to react.
21702	The entire fifth grade class at Doddridge County Middle School is in quarantine after a positive test involving two students there and potential exposure to a host of other students.
21703	'The entire house has had wood chip wallpaper and then 20 years of paint on top of it.'
21704	The entire Johnson-Nixon family in Minneapolis caught the virus: from left, dad Charles and mom Kirstin were sick in bed; Raphael and Judah, both 13, and Caleb, 17, had mild symptoms.
21705	The entire village is proud of the supreme sacrifice made by our young son.
21706	The entities claim that the EU-Mercosur agreement implies worsening environmental destruction and the climate crisis, by expanding car exports and encouraging the practice of monocultures (growing a single crop) in the Amazon.
21707	The entity’s stated mission: “To foster cross-cultural understanding through the power of world cinema.”
21708	The entrance door of Greater Wynnewood Exotic Animal Park is shown at Zak Bagans' Haunted Museum.
21709	The EPA also said last month that it would suspend the enforcement of environmental regulations that punish polluters during the coronavirus outbreak and allow industries to self-monitor.
21710	The episode follows Mike and Alison, who are desperate for cash, as they rent the house to a film crew that’s making a period drama.
21711	The EPL Table Start Date was announced moments ago.
21712	The equity investment and the credit facility from Goldman Sachs will scale operations and provide “last gap” loans, credit education and career networking for more than 1,500 career-focused students attending four-year colleges in the US.
21713	The Ergo M575 offers thumb control that allows for precise movement of the cursor without the need of any arm activity.
21714	The ERLC is tasked with helping churches understand the moral demands of the Gospel and public policy as well as promoting religious liberty on behalf of Southern Baptists.
21715	The escalating tensions between the US and Iran - which the UK has found itself caught up in - has been the biggest talking point of the week.
21716	The espresso coffee machine comes with an English user manual, a stainless-steel filter, a metal funnel, a glass carafe, a plastic measuring spoon and two years warranty.
21717	The essay further explains that results from their study found that AGCAS was deemed far superior by test pilots to previous “warning systems” which are “prone to false alarms” and can “degrade trust.”
21718	The Establishment hates you and wants terrible things to happen to you.
21719	The establishment was the home to the recordings that, when leaked, gave place to the “Klausturgate” scandal.
21720	The estimated in-service date for Double E has been extended to the fourth quarter of 2021.
21721	The estimated temperature, about 300 MeV (1 MeV is about 10 kelvin), is above the predicted temperature necessary for the plasma to be created (about 160 MeV), and is about 40% higher than the one obtained by the RHIC collider.
21722	The estimated total loss associated with this case is approximately $550.00.
21723	The ETFs, which will be actively managed by T. Rowe Price portfolio managers, include the Blue Chip Growth ETF (TCHP), the Dividend Growth ETF (TDVG), the Equity Income ETF (TEQI), and the Growth Stock ETF (TGRW).
21724	THE eThekwini Municipality announced they will be upgrading their system for customers to report electricity faults.
21725	The EU bloc is Israel’s largest trading partner, grants Israel favored trading status, and helps fund Israeli scientific research and development through its massive Horizon 2020 program.
21726	The EU can build on a strong legal framework in data protection, fundamental rights, safety and cyber-security; its internal market; and a large degree of interconnection in public services.”
21727	The EU has been very good for Europe - the facilitation of trade agreements, the opportunities to do business and the facilitation of trade routes have all been extremely helpful, where Ireland is concerned in particular.
21728	The EU has begun studying the possibility of legal action against the U.K. over the proposed legislation, as reported by my Bloomberg News colleague Alberto Nardelli, with obvious grounds to retaliate if the bill becomes law.
21729	The EU Parliament allowed members to vote by email on coronavirus legislation last month, and Spain has a remote voting system already in place for national emergencies.
21730	The euro fell after the decision by a half-cent to $1.0850.
21731	The European Central Bank has embarked on a gigantic asset purchase scheme in an attempt to flood the eurozone economy with cheap money.
21732	The European Union and the United Kingdom decided Saturday to press on with negotiating a post-Brexit trade deal, with all three key issues still unresolved ahead of a year-end cutoff.
21733	The European Union (EU) yesterday launched its first fully-fledged Observer Mission for the upcoming March 2, 2020 General and Regional Elections and will see about 50 observers from select European States overseeing the process.
21734	The European Union’s executive commission also cut its economic forecast and predicted the bloc won’t see a rebound to pre-virus levels until 2023.
21735	The EURUSD pair did reach the lofty heights of 1.19 during intraday trading, however, the spark soon fizzled out as the ECB press conference came to an end.
21736	The EU’s travel restrictions are reviewed every two weeks.
21737	The evacuation centres were opened for people who were affected by the Tropical Cyclone Harold.
21738	The evacuees are returning following the Federal Government’s guidelines on evacuation.
21739	The evening will begin in the Botanist Garden and feature a sensory cocktail and food pairing experience inspired by the principles of interpreted magic, with elements of theatrical pageantry.
21740	The event, attended by several dozen on the steps of City Hall, was mostly maskless — none of the speakers work facial coverings, and only one person in the audience was spotted wearing one.
21741	The event, attended by several Republican Party power brokers, was closed to the media, but a video of the outgoing president's speech quickly went public.
21742	The event, held yesterday on April 23, aims to encourage residents to open a book under the slogan, “Read actively and independently to gain valuable insights!”
21743	The event, hosted by James Island Charter, was contested at Mullett Hall on John’s Island.
21744	The event starts at 7am but lines can form at 4am.
21745	The events that have transpired over the last few days have made it clear that I have work to do,” she said in a written statement.
21746	The event was a luncheon hosted by the Latino Coalition.
21747	The event was hosted by The Sheila and Robert Challey Institute for Global Innovation and Growth as part of the Menard Family Distinguished Speaker Series.
21748	The event was originally scheduled for Oct. 2-4.
21749	The event was political vaudeville without the live audience that would have given some cover to the utter emptiness of what was said.
21750	The event, which was the subject of complaints due to how long it took to play out, was the culmination of all the efforts of players for the Season of the Worthy.
21751	The event will be begin at 5 p.m.
21752	The event will feature disclosure experts from around the country and digital advertising geeks, and it's likely to explore many of the fundamental issues that connect to MacEwen's bills.
21753	The Everest barrier draw was scheduled for Sydney Tower on Tuesday night as the build-up to the world's richest turf race continues.
21754	The Everlane May 2020 sale is the perfect opportunity to score so majorly cute summer essentials—and Meghan Markle’s go-to jumpsuit—on sale.
21755	The evidence in the brief shows that the majority of experts, as represented by the working group and its report and by the Appeal, agree that the radiation emitted by wireless sources was proven to harm humans and the environment.
21756	The evidence suggests, however, that households are understandably more cautious than they once were.
21757	The exact number of nursing home deaths still remains uncertain, as despite this new information, the list doesn’t include care home residents transferred to hospital before dying.
21758	The exemption will be available for incremental credit extended up to the fortnight ending July 31, 2020.
21759	The exercise took almost two months.
21760	The exercise was organised by the Foreign Ministry's Cyber Diplomacy Department in cooperation with Estonia's permanent representations to the EU and NATO, and conducted by Estonian company CybExer Technologies.
21761	The exhibit is on display at The Bakery (825 Warner St) until March 5 (Monday through Friday 12-4pm).
21762	The existing structure will also be looked at "because to implement a good programme you need to have in place a good structure.
21763	The ex of Rob Kardashian did not use a geotag to indicate her exact location, but in her caption, she noted that she wanted to paint sunlight on the side of a house.
21764	The expanded X-Ray is rolling out over-the-air, though you can install the latest Amazon Music app on your Android or iOS device to get the up-to-date experience.
21765	The expansion of grain production to a broader variety of traditional crops, besides maize, will eventually yield the desired benefits.
21766	The expansion will also increase sugar production by Kilombero Sugar Company, from the current 128,000 tonnes to 260,000 tons.
21767	The experience in the US is strikingly different.
21768	The experts, however, suggested that asymptomatic patients and patients with mild symptoms could be kept under home isolation and monitored remotely to reduce the burden of cases on hospitals.
21769	The explosion comes amid political tension in Lebanon, with street demonstrations against the government's handling the worst economic crisis since the 1975-1990 civil war.
21770	The explosion shattered windows and leveled buildings across Beirut, leaving at least 10 dead and “dozens” more wounded.
21771	The exposure of the index to the banking industry has perhaps been particularly detrimental to the performance of the FTSE 100.
21772	The extent of the victims’ injuries is unclear at this time.
21773	The external service provider which will be recruited according to Parliament's Supply Chain Management policy must have a relevant experience on data analysis and report writing.
21774	The extra-wide double garage has been designed for 4WDs and a 90sq m workshop under the main roof boasts an electronic car hoist, plus there is side access for the caravan and boat.
21775	"The Eyes of Texas" may be closing for good.
21776	The "Eyes on You" singer even led a sing-along at the Brushy Mountain State Penitentiary in Petros, where 4,000 fans gathered and ignored social distancing guidelines even though COVID-19 is spiking in the state.
21777	The FAA said the airplane had four occupants.
21778	The faces on CNN are priceless pic.
21779	The FA Challenge Cup Committee do their thing in 1967, the year of Sgt Pepper.
21780	The facility was based at the Hunters Point Naval Shipyard and used the buildings numbered 800 situated along the southern shoreline as labs, administration, industry and animal facilities and to house particle accelerators.
21781	The fact of the reaction may also offer highly important insight into the disease mechanism, which itself might offer new treatment options.
21782	The factory didn’t shut down until May 28, according to CALPIA.
21783	THE FACTS: No, it’s affected quite a few.
21784	The fact that France was forced to intervene showed many just how weak Déby’s military could be at home.
21785	The fact that the tabloid had to list out Tom Cruise’s three ex wives proves that Cruise typically has little trouble getting the woman he’s interested in to the altar.
21786	The fact that this group isn’t representative of the whole set of COVID-19 patients means that we can’t assume that any of the statistics based on the 5.8 percent sample holds true for all patients.
21787	The fact that we had that trust is incredible.
21788	"The fact that we have this great military and equipment, however, does not mean we have to use it," Mr. Trump said.
21789	The fact that we live socially, the fact that we make social networks - these are the highways across which the germs travel.
21790	“The faculty and staff at East Hamilton are some of the most dedicated people that constantly put what is best for students at the forefront of every decision,” Eller commented.
21791	The failure of the Government to properly manage the border has provided many New Zealanders with a strong sense of deja vu.
21792	The fair was canceled 1942-1947 during wartime, but otherwise has been a summer staple since 1890, the statement said.
21793	The fake chicken was tender and tasty, and was not chewy at all like some other offering.
21794	“The fake news is designed to confuse and mislead the public into not complying with ‘Court Order’ on such vehicles in the custody of the agency.
21795	The Falcons selected linebacker Mykal Walker with the No. 119 pick of the 2020 NFL Draft.
21796	The fall in activity was particularly sharp in the US, where overall acquisitions collapsed almost 90 per cent from a year ago, to $75bn."
21797	The fall of 2020 otherwise saw a government trying to keep up with expectations, some of which it had created for itself.
21798	The fallout was that EBITDA of $1.3 billion fell 38% Y/Y.
21799	The family bathroom is fitted with a three-piece suite and completes the accommodation for the upper floor.
21800	“The family bathroom will be heated and open year-round,” said Wietzema, noting that the Beach Nook and Olson Park bathrooms will also be open all the time.
21801	The family members of the child alleged the cook had earphones plugged in and did not pay attention to the children who were playing dangerously close near the stove.
21802	The family moved to Punta Gorda in 1956, and William graduated from Charlotte High School, Tarpon Class of 1968.
21803	The family of Robert Levinson, a former FBI agent who disappeared in Iran in 2007, recently claimed that he had died in Iranian custody.
21804	The family of the woman killed in the crash has been notified, but police say her name will not be released publicly.
21805	The family spoke highly of base personnel, Antonio (Jr.) adding, “All people we met at the base could have not been more pleasant to us…We all feel immense gratitude for the way they treated us during our visit.”
21806	The family treats opening day like a holiday, allowing the kids to skip school and ski.
21807	The family will gather on Monday at Sandringham to talk things through, attended by Her Majesty, the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge and the Duke of Sussex.
21808	The famous Biancocelesti (the white and skyblues) have 16 titles across all competitions.
21809	The fantastic song has been putting up solid numbers on Spotify.
21810	The “farmer florists” activity is a slice of the urban farming trend spreading rapidly around the world.
21811	“The farmers are demanding four times the circle rate, while the government has offered twice the circle rate.
21812	The farmers’ group criticised the comments from Robert Watt, Department of Public Expenditure secretary-general, who suggested that the national herd should be cut by up to 5% as part of the government’s climate action plan.
21813	The farmers saw the Centre’s stand, which has hindered the supply of essential supplies to Punjab and hit its industries, as a tactic to force their hand.
21814	The faster Japan Inc can accept that fact the faster they can propose another date, perhaps a year, to hold the games.
21815	The Fastest Man Alive likely wouldn't even break a sweat fighting these machines.
21816	The fast-food giant reported $1.97 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.96 by $0.01.
21817	The fatal collision occurred at 4.25pm at Dún An Óir, Oldbawn, Tallaght.
21818	The fatality in east London last night, near Crossharbour DLR station, is being treated as murder, and is the 60th in the city this year.
21819	The fatality rate for patients who reported no preexisting conditions was less than 1%.
21820	The father of one is trying his best to provide for his family but many fans feel he could be trying a bit harder.
21821	The father-of-two, from Holderness, East Yorkshire, was taken hostage while working for relief agency ACTED in Syria in March this year.
21822	The FCC said it has taken steps to make sure no low-income residents currently receiving broadband via the Lifeline Universal Service Fund subsidy lose access to that vital link in the age of coronavirus.
21823	The FDA’s senior regulator has the power to approve or deny vaccines for emergency use, but that decision could be overridden by the agency’s top leaders, or by the secretary of Health and Human Services.
21824	The fear is that the problem is growing, with the most recent report by Germany’s Federal Anti-Discrimination Agency finding that the number of reported racial discrimination cases rose by nearly 60 percent from 2016 to 2019.
21825	The fear, really, is that this is just the start.
21826	The fear that many Italians have is one that is universally shared.
21827	The feature will pull data from public sources using Bing, as well as include any custom definitions the company uses internally.
21828	The Federal Aviation Administration said it was working to gather more information on the drone sightings in both states.
21829	The federal government advises Canadians travelling to Iran that the Canadian embassy in Ankara, Turkey, is responsible for providing consular assistance for Iran.
21830	The Federal Government has warned that the 945 deaths recorded in COVID-19 pandemic cases is a wakeup call for citizens to take.
21831	The federal government the tax filing deadline to July 15. You don’t have to file your return or make payments until then.
21832	The federal government, through the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA), has announced a reduction in the pump price of petrol.
21833	The Federal Highway Administration has signed off on the idea, and MnDOT is working fast to draw up guidelines and a permit process that could be in place as soon as Wednesday, said MnDOT Commissioner Margaret Anderson Kelliher.
21834	The federal Medicare program rates nursing homes from one to five stars, with one star being the lowest mark.
21835	The Federal Road Safety Corps, FRSC, Sector Commander in Oyo State, Mrs Uche Chukwurah, has been honoured as an Icon of.
21836	The federal waters off Alabama, outside 9 miles, will be open to anglers landing red snapper in other states that have open red snapper seasons.
21837	The federation’s response to the women’s national team’s lawsuit for pay equity was filed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles on Monday.
21838	The Fed gave two scenarios, both of which are given an equal probability.
21839	"The feedback-collecting initiative from Monday aims to provide citizens an opportunity to provide us with more details on the same to enable us to incorporate the same in the next budget," a BBMP official said.
21840	The feedback we have received across the board from patients has been very positive.’
21841	The feedback we’ve received has been excellent, and teens love coming back week to week,” said Medeiros.
21842	‘The female is older, sexually mature and they’re doing an amazing job, never leaving the nest untended, swapping over regularly.
21843	The female rootworm beetles lay eggs later in the summer, which overwinter in soil and hatch the next year to produce the root-feeding larvae.
21844	The fest has already set the stage for well-renowned performers like Antariksh, When Chai met Toast, Aneesh the Wireless Walking Violinist, Band Pineapple Express.
21845	The festival was started for the people and it has grown with them, and, now, we wish to keep this legacy alive with their support,” he told a news agency.
21846	The Fetishization of Space Jam - Popdust ›
21847	The field was spectacular, enclosed by a wooden fence that had hand-painted advertisements of the businesses that supported the program.
21848	The Fiend's face is painted in a ghoulish visage, and comes with two weapons, a double-bladed battle-ax and a mace.
21849	The fifth round of the is almost upon us and with it brings big changes to the world's oldest football competition.
21850	The FIGC said the choice was made “pending any further… decision by the authorities”, suggesting the possibility of a restart on June 13 might still exist.
21851	The fighter revealed details about a health scare he had when he says he almost died.
21852	The fighters took to the cage for Bellator 244 inside the Mohegan Sun Resort and Casino in Uncasville, Connecticut.
21853	The figure far exceeds the previous presidential contest.
21854	The figure includes 169 homes to 328 Palestinians.
21855	The figure is the world’s second-highest behind the United States, according to the tally maintained by Johns Hopkins University.
21856	The figures clearly showed this is being politicized to hide the mismanagements that had occurred in the health sector.
21857	The figures for the first six months of 2019 were 66 percent and 42 percent, respectively.
21858	The filing deadline to enter the Kansas race is this Monday at noon.
21859	The Filipino-American Community Newspaper.
21860	The Fillmore in San Francisco was this amazing legendary club in the ’60s and ’70s with the The Rolling Stones and Santana and the Grateful Dead.
21861	The film announced Monday is described as “an intimate look into the life of former first lady Michelle Obama.”
21862	The film clip for San Cisco’s new single is unmistakably COVID-influenced, featuring facial hair, face masks, jigsaws and sourdough.
21863	The film debuted Sept. 4 on the subscription streaming service, Disney+.
21864	The film does not embrace that fatalism, but neither does it pretend that these people can ever really escape it.
21865	The film doesn’t lie.
21866	The filmer told Newsflare: "New sidewalk barriers were to help.
21867	The film follows the Women’s Liberation Movement protesting against the 1970 Miss World competition for objectifying and demeaning women.
21868	The film highlights the beauty of tradition and Black excellence, and celebrates Black resilience and culture through “lush visuals.”
21869	The filmmaker takes the story from the austere streets of New York City to the verdant countryside of Louisiana.
21870	The film's main goal is to titillate, and it succeeds perfectly on that front.
21871	The film star then dedicated her new house to her late mother.
21872	The film studio has not seen major layoffs yet.
21873	The film which follows 5 high school kids as they participate in their own mock government competition worked on every single level.
21874	The film, which premiered on Netflix last weekend,.
21875	The Final 7 on was dominated by the Committee alliance, plus Enzo Palumbo, which had control of every Head of Household and almost every Power of Veto on the show.
21876	THE FINAL ELECTORAL college tally of the US election is in: with 306 electoral college votes projected for Democrat Joe Biden, and 232 for Republican Donald Trump.
21877	The final episode was watched 52.5 million Americans, making it fifth most-watched series finale in the history of television, and the most-watched TV episode of the 2000s.
21878	The final score of the contest came on a 54 yard drive that was capped by a 1 yard quarterback sneak by Meyer.
21879	The final straw were theories that the murder of his father James in 1993 was payback for unpaid gambling debts.
21880	The final term is dictated by carefully planned preparation and reassurance as much as it is by Sats.
21881	The final transaction will be subject to a judge’s approval on February 11.
21882	The final word of Gervais’ Dench joke was bleeped during the show’s live broadcast on NBC, with cameras cutting to the shocked expression of Gwyneth Paltrow.
21883	The financial hardships created by COVID-19 have only heightened the need for direct student support.
21884	The financial services provider reported $0.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.38 by ($0.10).
21885	“The fingers, they touch the string, but they don’t press down, so everything is a harmonic.
21886	The finish, we think, it sets a very high standard," he said.
21887	The fire and desire in that promo sold me on the rematch.
21888	The fire broke out behind the grand organ, which was completely destroyed, he said.
21889	The fire broke out just before midnight on Swallow Court in Gaithersburg.
21890	The fire department received the call for the fire at 6:24 p.m. and it was extinguished within 10 minutes of their arrival, according to Deputy Fire Chief Benjamin Warren.
21891	“The Fire District was trying to figure out why their valuations had decreased unexpectedly.
21892	“The firefighters are rescuing the koalas and the koalas are not dying,” Kai Kirschbaum says from his office at Deutsche Bank.
21893	The fire marshal indicated it was suspicious, potentially the result of arson.
21894	The fire rose to three alarms with more than 100 firefighters battling the blaze.
21895	The fire sent billowing smoke over downtown.
21896	The fire was quickly extinguished and Tucson Fire notified police that they had located a deceased person in the vehicle.
21897	The fire was reported to be fully involved in a two-story barn by the first arriving unit at 5:24 pm.
21898	The fire, which has been burning at the Higginsville mine site since December 16, has blackened more than 148,000 hectares of land and is being fought by 81 firefighters.
21899	The fireworks get going at 9 p.m. and will last for approximately 15 minutes.
21900	The firm had revenue of $2.11 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.07 billion.
21901	The firm had revenue of $5.41 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.49 billion.
21902	The firm has a market capitalization of $11.30 billion and a PE ratio of 7.11.
21903	The firm has a market cap of $1,239.00 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.37, a P/E/G ratio of 2.20 and a beta of 1.17.
21904	The firm is focused on improving patient care and reducing the medical care cost by helping clinicians effectively treat patients quicker than before.
21905	The firm is scheduled to issue its next earnings results on Wednesday, February 19th.
21906	The firm owned 61,615 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 11,219 shares during the quarter. iShares Core S&P 500 ETF comprises 1.6% of Carroll Financial Associates Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 11th largest position.
21907	The firm’s clients include several schools and municipal buildings, as well as private-sector clients.
21908	The firm’s fifty day moving average price is $46.05 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $49.89.
21909	The firm’s revenue was up 35.3% compared to the same quarter last year.
21910	“The first case of the new coronavirus was confirmed on Thursday night.
21911	The first class will be how to Achieve Fast Results by Building a Business Plan, focusing on the importance of a Vision and a Mission, SWOT Analysis, and forming a financial plan.
21912	“The first cold spells of the winter bring more house fires from overloaded extension cords and portable heaters.”
21913	The first component is building 300 kilometers (185 miles) of roads to connect the municipality’s 37,000 residents for the first time with national and international markets.
21914	The first county to see significant community spread of COVID-19, Santa Clara, has held back from much of the state's allowed business reopening.
21915	The first day of classes presented immediate access problems that HISD blamed on the Blackboard system, also provided by a third-party vendor.
21916	The first day of school is a momentous occasion in the life of any family.
21917	The first draft of the screenplay for was originally written by Nicole Perlman (of Guardians of the Galaxy).
21918	The first explosion Thursday night left one dead and seven wounded, while the second killed two and wounded three, the officials said.
21919	The first fight with Seath the Scaleless is perhaps one of the worst examples of an unwinnable battle, as it's one of those where it's not entirely obvious that the player is supposed to lose.
21920	The first flights to both Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates were also given significant call signs — in those cases the dialing codes of the nations.
21921	The first game of the series – tentatively scheduled for Saturday, September 14, 2030 – will take place at Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, S.C. The second match-up will be held at Carter-Finley Stadium in Raleigh, N.C. on Saturday, August 30, 2031.
21922	The first group consists of primary weapons, which include rifles, pulse rifles, and cannons.
21923	'The first half was the worst we've played': Ole Gunnar Solskjaer questions the 'pride' of his Manchester.
21924	The first human vaccine trials in Canada began July 13, with Quebec biopharmaceutical company Medicago administering two doses of vaccine each to 180 men and women, hoping to see the first proof of how effective it is in October.
21925	The first incomplete truth is that our finance minister claims that inflation is coming down.
21926	The first is that the global mood around relief packages had softened enormously.
21927	The first “kam” refers to the sadness and tragedy which the gunman caused to innocent people.
21928	The first known artistic portrayals of the handshake in the history of mankind date back to the 5th century BC in ancient Greece.
21929	The first/last/only time I saw them, I was in 9th grade.
21930	"the first lyric we wrote was 'i know alone like no one else does.' this came from feeling like I was in the deepest spiral of being alone and feeling like i felt loneliness deeper than anyone ever had," the singer and musician wrote.
21931	The first major outbreak in New York had been in the summer of 1907, when about 2,500 cases were reported.
21932	The first meeting happened in August when Pratt had dinner at Shriver’s house, with his girlfriend’s brother, Patrick Schwarzenegger.
21933	The first narrative is that the world is their oyster.
21934	The first of many upsets during his time at the club.
21935	The first of the four nuclear reactors at the Barakah plant had been due to come online in late 2017, but was delayed several times.
21936	The first of those vans will be delivered by the end of this year.
21937	The first of two movies on this list about the legend of the lawman Wyatt Earp, is a big, boisterous, action-adventure take on Frontier history and the taming of the lawless West in the spirit of Hollywood blockbusters of the time.
21938	The first one is to remove this claim from your vocabulary: “I’m not racist.”
21939	The first person to present Jesus to the world was the Blessed Virgin Mary after accepting him into her womb.
21940	The first photo of President wearing a face mask was aired by MSNBC Thursday night.
21941	The first proposed step is to implement a carbon tax.
21942	The first-quarter 2021 fed cattle price forecast is raised, but the annual forecast is unchanged from last month.
21943	The first season, in 2017, Santos planted blueberries, collards and tomatoes.
21944	The first serving Israeli leader to go on trial, Netanyahu has denied any wrongdoing, saying that he is the victim of a political witch-hunt.
21945	The first step in addressing this may be switching to a low-sugar or a sugar-free brand.
21946	The first step is to clean up those additional radioactive contaminants that remain in the tanks, and then make plans based on what remains.
21947	The first suspect, Estifanos Beyeni's case was postponed with him in absentia to the 27 May 2020.
21948	The first tenant of the building was H.C. Harris & Co., a dry goods business, according to the nomination document.
21949	The first terminal that can be found in-game is at Cairo Station.
21950	The first thing I ask anyone who is in distress is to call our crisis line—that’s (800) 273-8255 or you can text 838255.
21951	The first time I ever saw my mom cry was watching him do a play.
21952	The first time we met, he said, ‘I’m going to play Anthony Hopkins in the film.
21953	The first version of the paper, released in March, said there was not enough information to recommend the use of remdesivir and other antivirals in critically ill COVID-19 patients.
21954	The first war ended in 1948 with a UN-brokered ceasefire that left Kashmir divided, with the promise of a UN-sponsored referendum on its “final disposition” that has never been held.
21955	The first was the Spanish-language a broad comedy about a soccer club that was almost guaranteed to secure a decent audience.
21956	The first weekend will take place April 10 through 12, while the second will happen April 17 through 19. The announcement also included other artists who will be performing smaller sets during the festival.
21957	The first Wise County patient who has tested positive for COVID-19 was not tested at WHS.
21958	The five boroughs now have more people who have tested positive than Westchester County, which has 174 infections.
21959	The five other arrests were two teenage boys accused of robbery, a 17-year-old boy accused of firing a gun and two men aged 25 and 46 for drug possession.
21960	The five-page letter urged the farmer leaders to explain their objections in detail by having a face-to-face talks at a day and time convenient for the farmers.
21961	The flat-sided rocks were set aside to be used to build rock walls or for building materials.
21962	The flight diversion Thursday evening for an ill passenger had nothing to do with the Coronavirus outbreak,” the police tweeted.
21963	The flight is subject to final approval to depart by Peruvian authorities.
21964	The flight plan filed showed the journey was expected to last three hours 42 minutes.
21965	The floods followed torrential rains on Dec. 31 and into the early hours of New Year Day that inundated swathes of Jakarta and nearby towns, home to about 30 million people.
21966	The Florida Highway Patrol no longers releases the names of any wreck victims.
21967	The flu shot is available in doctor's offices and pharmacies across the province.
21968	The FoB indicates whether the seller or the buyer is liable for goods that are damaged or destroyed during shipping.
21969	The focus of the PM's remarks in the all-party meet was the events of June 15 at Galwan Valley that led to the loss of lives of 20 Indian military personnel, said the PMO.
21970	The focus will be on improvement and additions to the state highway network.
21971	The fog burns off, but the cloud remains ahead of steadier bouts of showers.
21972	The following industries shed jobs between April and July: government (-5,200 jobs); manufacturing (-3,100); and information (-1,900).
21973	The following project has potential for future pedestrian amenities throughout the city if proven effective.
21974	The following securities mentioned in the article were held by one or more accounts managed by U.S. Global Investors as of (09/30/2020): Ivanhoe Mines Ltd.
21975	The following week, Ciampa distracted Thatcher (by just sitting and watching - it was Thatcher’s fault more than Tommaso’s) causing Tim to lose to Kushida.
21976	The Food and Drug Administration approved Esperion Therapeutics Inc.’s Nexletolfor people genetically predisposed to have sky-high cholesterol and people who have heart disease and need to further lower their bad cholesterol.
21977	The Food and Drug Administration first needs to approve the vaccines — one by Pfizer, and another by Moderna — for emergency use.
21978	The Food and Drug Control Authority of South Sudan has warned business owners against selling substandard goods to the public.
21979	The food distribution will take place monday through friday from 11 am to 12:30.
21980	The foods they’re found in typically boast a range of other health benefits so they’re well worth adding to your plate this summer.
21981	The footage of police confronting and arresting a pregnant 28-year-old Zoe Buhler in her Ballarat home on Wednesday has angered many and rightly so.
21982	The footwear maker reported $0.78 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.59 by $0.19.
21983	The footwear maker reported $0.78 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.59 by $0.19.
21984	The force quickly took control of Kandahar, the fortress of Ghazni, finally occupying Kabul and deposing Dost Mohamad in August 1839, after which the majority of troops returned to their home garrisons in India.
21985	“The forces are determined to enforce the military order that declares the outpost a closed military area,” police say in a statement.
21986	The Foreign Affairs minister has to remain on his toes.
21987	The foreign currency component (denominated in Ghana Cedis) of total deposits, on the other hand, recorded a higher growth of 22.4 per cent in October 2019 to GH¢20.79 billion compared with a growth of 13.7 per cent a year ago.
21988	The Foreign Office states: "British nationals are not affected by the European Union’s measures to close EU borders to non-EU country nationals.
21989	The forfeiture applications against Umno involved RM192,965,413.61 and RM300,000 against Wanita MCA.
21990	The former APR forward currently plays for Tanzania giants Young Africans but, according to reports in local media, the 25-year old will be released at the end of the season.
21991	The former couple announced their separation in February 2020 by releasing a joint statement that read: "Both Peter and Autumn will remain in Gloucestershire to bring up their two children where they have been settled for a number of years.
21992	The former GOP presidential nominee would not predict how Mr Bolton's testimony might affect the final outcome of the trial.
21993	The former largely because of inflation, because economic recovery is still not underway, the latter because our exports and foreign inflows are up by 17 per cent and our expenditures are down by 6 per cent.
21994	The former opener also has led the national team and post-retirement served as the chief selector.
21995	The former president expressed grave concern in the way Trump governs to thousands of former staffers on Friday.
21996	The former Tory MP says these days it is almost impossible to find a TV show that doesn’t feature swear words — and worse.
21997	The former Uber engineer admitted it was 'hard' to revisit the 'extreme and painful' experiences in her new book 'Whistleblower'
21998	The former Watford of England talisman was on song in the 41st minute and the 70th to help his side cruise to the quarterfinal of the competition, with Luke Shaw opening the scoring earlier.
21999	The founder will begin to get really smart about being able to figure out if this person is just a financial arbitrager or if the person has enough operational experience to understand the business.
22000	The Founding Fathers meant well, but they said, “toward a more perfect union.”
22001	The four officers linked to Floyd's death have since been fired by the Minneapolis Police Department.
22002	The four person girl group debuted with the talents of American singers Madison Beer and Jaira Burns as League champions Evelynn and Kai’Sa, and K-pop girl group (G)-IDLE members Soyeon and Miyeon and Akali and Ahri.
22003	The four-term Republican senator from Maine who presents herself as a centrist has faced national criticism for her votes during the Trump administration.
22004	The fourth draft, known as the “‘private housing first project,” is planned between 2019-2023 in collaboration with nonprofit organizations and Tokyo’s 23 municipal wards.
22005	The fourth facility is the Elizabeth Detention Center, which is run by the private for-profit company CoreCivic, but the building is owned by a local company, Elberon Development Group.
22006	The fourth team had a successful match against Durban Cricket Club at Highbury Sports Grounds and a combined first and second team had a 40 over match against AK Hardware from Jozini.
22007	The fourth was a person who had the virus in July.
22008	The fourth-year guard knew the expectations would go through the roof, and his doubters would get even louder than before.
22009	The four-time NBA Champion will continue to appear on Inside the NBA, along with the NBA on TNT Tuesday Night franchise.
22010	"The framers built the Senate to keep temporary rage from doing permanent damage," McConnell says.
22011	The Frank Maile era at Utah State got started Saturday afternoon and it looked much like the end of the Gary Andersen era.
22012	The Freedom Ride '65, Students protesting outside Moree Artesian Baths and Olympic Pool, Moree, 1965.
22013	“The free flow of information is especially important in addressing and curbing the Covid-19 pandemic,” Bader said.
22014	The French superstar includes a live disc of classic hits from the ’80s and ’90s including “Libertine,” “Désenchantée” and “XXL.”
22015	The Fresno County Sheriff's Office is investigating the case as a homicide.
22016	The frogs collectively jump into the truck bed.
22017	The front is expected to slowly move north and northwest tonight and tomorrow.
22018	The FTSE 100 maintained its position above the 6000 level on Tuesday after the Moderna trial results hinted a Covid-19 vaccine might be possible on Monday.
22019	The Fullerton officers used a Taser and requested assistance from the who fired so-called less-lethal munitions that were ineffective.
22020	The fund closed Thursday at an 8.7% discount and a 4.53% current yield.
22021	The fund generally will invest at least 90% of its assets in the component securities of the underlying index and may invest up to 10% of its assets in certain futures, options and swap contracts, cash and cash equivalents.
22022	The funding for Covenant in-and-of-itself is not a concern.”
22023	The funding request released Monday evening came as key government accounts were running low.
22024	The funding we receive from the Snow Redfern Foundation allows us to serve any family with a child who has special needs in the Respite Days program.
22025	The fund is to provide financial support to those struggling to maintain their football pitches across the country.
22026	The fund owned 5,166 shares of the company’s stock after acquiring an additional 233 shares during the period.
22027	The Fund said that the US$3.7B loan will cover a period of three years and will not only be dedicated to the diversification of the economy but also to curb corruption.
22028	The funds held by UK investors that have suffered over coronavirus Those investing in China, Asia and emerging markets.
22029	The further away we are from an infected person, the less likely we will be exposed to the virus.
22030	The future doesn’t need to be bleak.
22031	The future is bright for all cannabis growers and entrepreneurs, and it seems it will stay that for a long time as more countries and states plan to legalize its usage.
22032	The G3 costs less than half the price of the Austrian pistol, and if history is any guide is likely less reliable.
22033	The gadgets were handed over to the Government Medical College Hospital officials in the presence of Mr. Panneerselvam, District Collector M Pallavi Baldev and other officials, a press release said.
22034	The gaffer takes over the reins from Prince George Koffie who tendered in his resignation to the club’s management after their painful 1-0 home loss to WAFA on Sunday in the matchday 7 fixtures.
22035	The gain reflects the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of the assets acquired.
22036	The Galacticos ended up losing the match 4-3 at the Santiago Bernabeu as the reigning Spanish Super Cup champions waved the Copa Del Rey goodbye until the coming season.
22037	The galacto-oligosaccharide market size is expected to grow by USD 498.15 million during 2020-2024, according to the latest market research report by Technavio, progressing at a CAGR of close to 10% during the forecast period.
22038	The Galaxy A51 ships with the usual accessories, which are a 15W fast charger, a Type-C cable, a headset, a SIM eject tool, and a case.
22039	The Galaxy Z Flip is seen to sport a hole-punch or Infinity-O Display with the cut out for the selfie camera placed in the centre.
22040	The Gambia Press Union reserves the right to accept or reject any proposal received without giving reasons and is not bound to accept the lowest or the highest bidder.
22041	The game draws its inspiration from the Dark Souls franchise; boasting visceral combat and ominous environments as integral to the game.
22042	"The game is taking place on my birthday.
22043	The game should be revisited because it stands on its own, it stands tall, and it is one of the best shooters of the past decade.
22044	The game started well for the Eagles keeping possession and when they did lose the ball they were working hard to get it back.
22045	The game was tight for most of the first half.
22046	The game-winner came from Jocelyn Hareland, who got assists from Alyssa Smith and Erin Nowacki on a power play with 5 minutes, 16 seconds left in regulation.
22047	The Gaming Control Board’s guidelines are silent on some operational matters, but federal, state and local health recommendations are in place and regulators say gaming companies are required to abide by them.
22048	“The Gang Makes Lethal Weapon 6” is a sequel to the episode “Dee Reynolds: Shaping America’s Youth.”
22049	The gangsters subsequently abducted the suspect and took him to the Zanu PF Kwekwe district offices where they severely tortured him.
22050	“The gap between recovered cases and active cases continues to grow and is currently 76,31,033,” the ministry said.
22051	The Garda Technical Bureau, which is still carrying out examinations in the house, said a family liaison officer was in contact with their father Andrew McGinley and relatives.
22052	The garment was oversized, and the top draped perfectly off of Wright’s figure.
22053	The gates of Mr McIntosh's large family home were covered in flowers today as friends paid their respects to him.
22054	The gathered evidence firmly confirms that has nothing in common with bamboos.
22055	The Gayway Times made it their mission to satirize articles and posts made by the Gateway Times.
22056	The generational split among black voters in South Carolina parallels the divide seen among whites and Latinos in early contests, with Sanders polling stronger among younger voters.
22057	The Georgian Foreign Ministry will then arrange the transfer of passengers from Yerevan to Georgia by bus.
22058	The GERD is a $4 billion hydroelectric project on the Blue Nile, in the Benishangul-Gumuz Region of Ethiopia, about 15 kilometres east of the border with Sudan.
22059	“The Germans had to feed their own men and wouldn’t feed us,” said Melkert, interviewed before his death in 2017.
22060	The German top-flight is expected to be the first major European league to return this month with chiefs proposing a restart date of May 16.
22061	The Germiston resident said that since 2016 she ran for Germiston Callies Harriers Athletics Club.
22062	The GFA has announced that it will take a decision on 30 June, 2020 to decide on the future of the 2019/20 football season.
22063	The Ghanaian was immense as a box-to-box presence during perhaps the peak years in the league's history.
22064	The Ghana National Chamber of Commerce and Industries (GNCCI) has expressed deep concern about the state of Ameen Sangari, a Cape Coast based soap and oil manufacturing industry.
22065	The ghosts of the liquidation and privatization victims are awake.
22066	The giant company also decided to shut down all North American Disney stores amid the pandemic.
22067	"The giant is about to step on the mouse," Rutherford explained, referring to an impending move by the Free Press to open a new printing plant at a cost of more than $100 million.
22068	The Giants coach simply responded, “Yes.”
22069	The Giants sought a young tackle to protect last year’s first-rounder, quarterback Daniel Jones.
22070	The Giants took over missed a sack that turned into a 7-yard gain by the Giants instead.
22071	The Gibbs humbly describe it as a residential recording studio/Airbnb.
22072	The gift shop conveniently sells plastic saucers, the most efficient means of rocketing down a sandy slope.
22073	The Ginveraray varieties produced for Fyne Malts both took home golds; Foxy in the Classic category and Katty in the Contemporary.
22074	The Girl Scouts responded by taking down the message of congratulations and placing this new one: “Earlier today, we shared a post highlighting the five women who have been appointed to the Supreme Court.
22075	The girl was taken to the hospital where she tested positive for gonorrhea.
22076	The global community must use this pandemic as a way to get together and learn from each other.
22077	The global COVID-19 pandemic and geological challenges have dramatically added to these challenges.”
22078	The Global Development Workshop will end on March 11, 2020.
22079	The Global Marketing Summit has been hosted at each GMIC (Global Mobile Internet Conference) since 2009.
22080	The global virus is everywhere.
22081	The Globes and the Oscars have agreed on best picture winners only 50 percent of the time over the past decade.
22082	The GMA stood to lose R800 million if Busang had been successful.
22083	The go-ahead has been given to redevelop a council flat complex in Dublin’s north inner city.
22084	The goal is to lessen the burden on emergency rooms and urgent care, where people can wait for hours, according to Conti.
22085	The goal of opposing this idea, the newspaper said, is to make the negotiation process fit into "Russia's regional interests."
22086	The goal of the panel is to assess the Covid-19 response and to see what can be learnt for future global pandemic prevention and responses.
22087	The goal, she said, with coastal access is to reopen it “in a logical way that follows the advice from our health professionals in a safe way to get people out enjoying the fresh air and the beaches.”
22088	The God of this series is very similar to The Truth of Fullmetal Alchemist, due to the fact that he is a very cruel God.
22089	The Go-Go’s are a perfect case in point.
22090	The Goldilocks Zone discovered in 2018 is 190m long by 20 meters wide and extends for 160 m vertical relief and remains open.
22091	The gold miner is said to have immediately reached for his firearm, a 9mm Glock 34 pistol, while the six suspects ran in various directions while opening fire in the direction of Fredson.
22092	The good ending of Mortal Kombat 11: Aftermath brings the entire MK franchise full circle and might be the best finale it will ever get.
22093	The Good Friday report on local coronavirus cases held some good news Friday for Lenawee County.
22094	The good news for Martin is the lack of hurdles he must clear to reach the Majors and play every day.
22095	The good news is Georgia is expected to turn in another elite recruiting class, keeping a steady stream of talented players coming in and ensuring title contention for at least a few more years.
22096	The good news is we can profitably replace those fats with cattle weighing over 700 pounds, so this signals us it pays to finish them.
22097	The good thing about shorter psychic readings is you get a feel for what to expect, and it gives you enough time to build up a rapport with your psychic should you wish to have further psychic readings.
22098	The good thing is you've got different body types and skill sets.
22099	The Gophers’ men’s basketball team defeated University of North Dakota 76-67 behind a strong performance from the Gophers’ transfers.
22100	The Governance Minister opined that this all seems to be part on an apparent inside trading/arrangement.
22101	The government acknowledges that we are in the depths of deep depression.
22102	The government extends its invitation to a Head of State or Government after careful consideration.
22103	The Government faced a swift rebellion by Conservative MPs on the issue with many backbenchers adamant the aid budget must not be reduced.
22104	The government gives the family a maximum of ₹ 2 lakh for the house built at Kakkunje.
22105	The Government had a choice over how to respond, and took the wrong path).
22106	The government had ordered 432 million euros ($467 million) worth of masks, gloves, testing kits and ventilators to be delivered over the next eight weeks, with the first large batch expected this week, Health Minister Salvador Illa said.
22107	The government has also announced the closure of public and private schools from Monday, March 23, 2020, but nothing has been said about the mode of public transportation in the commercial city.
22108	The government has also been in talks with Australia, China, Hong Kong, Mongolia, New Zealand and South Korea over resuming business travel under similar conditions and plans to add these countries to the cross-border travel program.
22109	The government has been supportive of their initiative.
22110	The government has imposed round-the-clock curfew across much of the country to limit the spread of the virus.
22111	The government has noted that rules to maintain a minimum distance of 1.5m as well as requirements to cover up noses and mouths in closed public spaces have helped in the fight against new transmissions.
22112	The government has previously said the actual number of infected people is likely significantly higher than the number of confirmed cases.
22113	The government hopes that the idea will take the pressure off police and the courts but prosecutors will still be able to pursue individuals for more serious offences such as dealing and trafficking.
22114	“The government is fighting very hard against us winning anything.
22115	“The government is in close coordination with employers to ensure that their health and safety is maintained.
22116	THE Government is this week due to confirm travel companies’ alternatives to cash refunds for cancelled holidays will be protected.
22117	The government meanwhile has also announced compensation of Rs 15 lakh for the deceased journalists dying due to the viral diseases.
22118	The Government plans to force restaurants and takeaways with more than 250 employees to add calorie labels to their menus to help people make informed choices about what to order.
22119	The Government recently announced that it will be forming an Economic Advisory Committee to seek advice from “key stakeholders in the Bermuda economy and community”.
22120	The government said 164,849 tests had been made available in the 24 hours to 09:00 on Sunday and of those, 125,622 had been processed.
22121	The Government Science Secondary School in Kankara was attacked Friday night by a large group of bandits who shot “with AK 47 rifles,” Katsina State police spokesman Gambo Isah said in a statement.
22122	The government's contribution will return to 80% as England goes in to a four-week lockdown.
22123	The government’s decision to give police the green light to pursue royal defamation charges against pro-democracy protesters is likely to increase tensions ahead of the next major rally scheduled for Wednesday.
22124	The government’s guidelines must be heeded; they are working very hard to avoid the worst.
22125	“The government’s recurrent expenditure has been on the rise in recent period and this funding is hardly met by foreign financing,” he said.
22126	"The Government vision and perspective to revive the health services sector that I have outlined to you can be enhanced with your support.
22127	The government will soon come out with a new public sector enterprises policy that will define strategic sectors that will not have more than four PSUs.
22128	The governor also announced he’s loosening restrictions on eight more counties.
22129	The governor also expressed frustration with the national government - and in particular with the Ministry of Health - for a lack of transparency.
22130	The Governor and First Lady called on Nebraskans to participate in a “Weekend of Remembrance and Honor” this Friday through Sunday as a way to commemorate those who have passed away due to the coronavirus.
22131	The governor of Beirut, Marwan Abboud, speaking on television, could not say what had caused the explosion.
22132	The governor of Maryland, Larry Hogan, said the state had acted as soon as it became aware of the positive test.
22133	The governor of the German region of Saxony, Michael Kretschmer, suggested that his country could bring in Russian patients, as it has those from European Union countries as a gesture of “solidarity.”
22134	The governor said conditions on the subway have "rapidly deteriorated."
22135	The governor said in a Tuesday press conference that social distancing is the best tool in the fight against the virus, even on Easter Sunday.
22136	The governor said the order is "fundamentally predicated on the need to stop gathering with people outside your household."
22137	The governor says phase one will include reopening construction and manufacturing businesses with low risk.
22138	The Governors improved to 6-14 all-time versus SIUE.
22139	“The Governor’s proposed budget does not live within our means, and is a spending plan full of false promises that relies on him getting his tax increase,” Brady said in a statement.
22140	The governors whose victories are being contested are Abdullahi Ganduje(Kano), Emeka Ihedioha (Imo), Bala Mohammed (Bauchi), Aminu Tambuwal (Sokoto), Simon Lalong (Plateau), and Samuel Ortom (Benue).
22141	The governor’s wife announced this in a press statement she personally signed and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Makurdi on Saturday.
22142	The Grammy-nominated singer announced in a Saturday Instagram post that she delivered her new baby girl a week ago.
22143	The grand jury also examined the pistol found at the scene, and reviewed more than 200 exhibits.
22144	The grand jury audio is being released as part of the case against former Det. Brett Hankison, who was charged with wanton endangerment in the first degree for allegedly firing blindly into Taylor’s apartment.
22145	The grants are being provided under the African Development Bank’s COVID-19 Response Facility.
22146	The graphic novel follows fan-favorite Time Force Rangers Jennifer "Jen" Scotts and Wesley "Wes" Collins, revealing what happened to them after the TV show (which originally aired on Fox Kids from February to November of 2001).
22147	“The grass itself is what has been burning down houses.
22148	The grateful owner gave him tapes of Gregorian chants.
22149	The gravel on the driveway loop allows people to drive around in a circle when dropping people off under the church awning rather than having to back up to get back to the parking lot.
22150	The Greater Manchester Combined Authority were quick to clarify that these measures have not changed and the declaration of a major incident is “no more than a boost to our capabilities”.
22151	The Great Mouse Detective has a constantly creepy atmosphere.
22152	The grey seal that we normally see in the cooler months is still lolling around in the harbor.
22153	“The grind, it wears on you,” Billiot said.
22154	The grocery chain expanded quickly in California and became known for stocking a wide selection of high-quality exotic foods and wine, and for its uniquely casual shopping environment.
22155	The grocery store onlyposted signs asking shoppers to wear them.
22156	The grounding of Adria Airways – and its flights between two Swiss cities – has people wondering why anyone would fly such a short distance.
22157	The group also won in 2017 for Best Country Duo/Group Performance for the song Jolene, which featured Dolly Parton.
22158	The group at the luxurious five-star Eden Rock St. Barths resort, which just so happens to be owned by Pippa’s in-laws, David and Jane Matthews.
22159	The group enjoyed the lovely trail and identified many indigenous trees and shrubs, many of which were in flower.
22160	The group Fulfill, formerly The Foodbank of Monmouth and Ocean Counties, will distribute more than 52,000 LED light bulbs to the needy in their coverage area.
22161	The group has accordingly proposed a nine-point recommendation that will solidify the 12-state structure with the states serving as the federating units.
22162	The group is postponing the annual shareholder meeting to June 25 from May 15.
22163	The group is raising money for ads, featuring the younger Trump, that will encourage the president’s supporters to vote in two Senate runoff races that will be held in Georgia on Jan.
22164	The Group Managing Director of NNPC, Mallam Mele Kyari and other top managers have departed Abuja to Lagos for an on-the-spot assessment at the scene of the tragic gas explosion.
22165	The group plans to conduct further research and discuss possible solutions to the issue with companies and local governments.
22166	The group reiterated its basic demands: an end to deportations and detentions, and support for a full, comprehensive and continuing regularization program.
22167	The groups also want U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres and the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, Michelle Bachelet, to “take responsibility for publicly addressing China’s sweeping rights violations,” Human Rights Watch said in a statement.
22168	The group set the bar high with the performance and performed it in front of the Gyeongbokgung Palace in Seoul, South Korea.
22169	The Group’s luxury interests encompass several of the most prestigious names in the luxury industry including Cartier, Van Cleef & Arpels, Piaget, Vacheron Constantin, Jaeger-LeCoultre, IWC, Panerai and Montblanc.
22170	“The group was arrested for contravening the Covid-19 Disaster Management Lockdown Regulations in relation to the prohibition of gatherings,” said police spokesperson Brig Mathapelo Peters.
22171	The Guide Gear Men’s Mid Camo Bogger Rubber Boots, contrary to the previously mentioned LaCrosse Alphaburly Pro 18” Hunting Boots, are affordable and still made of quality materials.
22172	The guidelines were issued yesterday by the chairperson of NRM Electoral Commission, Dr Tanga Odoi.
22173	The guide, though, did not offer a schedule for beginning such missions, or estimated prices.
22174	The Gulf Cooperation Council alleged Iran had "not ceased or desisted from armed interventions in neighboring countries, directly and through organizations and movements armed and trained by Iran.”
22175	The gunman demanded property from the resident and stole the resident’s wallet and key fob, police said.
22176	“The gunman took the deceased’s cellphone and fled the scene.”
22177	The Gunners and City will face off at Wembley, with a place in the final against Chelsea or Manchester United at stake.
22178	The Gunners will offload the Gabon striker if he fails to agree fresh terms.
22179	“The guys stopped it.
22180	The GV70 will be Genesis' smallest SUV.
22181	The gym and pool are still open, with three residents allowed in at a time.
22182	The Habs have clung to the belief that they could grab a playoff spot, but that hope died when they blew a two-goal lead in a 4-3 to the Wings.
22183	The hair is mounted on an official War Department telegram sent to Dr. Todd by George Kinnear, his assistant in the Lexington, Kentucky, post office.
22184	The hairstylist, Julien d’Ys, apologized on Instagram, saying his intetnion was to pay homage to Egyptian princes.
22185	The Hall House 200th Celebration has been postponed to May 7-8, 2021.
22186	The Hallmark Channel is making it's annual holiday movie celebration more inclusive this year.
22187	The hangover continued with the military in Agbada.
22188	The hardest part is deciding which one to try.
22189	The “Hard Hat Riot,” as it came to be known, created new visibility and possibilities for a right-wing populism that shaped American politics for decades to come.
22190	The “Hard Out Here” hitmaker stunned in a white dress that featured thin straps and different-colored polka dots all over.
22191	The hard truth is that both politicians and media detest unity.
22192	The Hardy Boys: canceled or renewed?
22193	The has suffered amid the country’s harsh anti-virus measures including business closures.
22194	The hatred of America and the European nations toward India is no secret.
22195	The HBO Max cut will include an extended torture scene and fight sequences.
22196	The headline was also amended in light of the statement.
22197	The Head of State shared an Iftar meal with senior security officials of the Ministry of Interior and members of intervention units belonging to different corps, according to a statement from the Presidency of the Republic.
22198	The health agency said it is reviewing evidence on antibody responses to the novel coronavirus.
22199	The health board said the eight positive cases include pupils at Bannerman High School in Baillieston.
22200	The health minister said that this person is already in quarantine at Dr Burhan Nalbantoğlu State Hospital in Nicosia and treatment had begun.
22201	The health secretary said the global scientific research and pharmaceutical community had come together like never before but while the speed of development is impressive, “it is not at the expense of safety”.
22202	“‘The Heart of Creativity’ is the ethos on which Spazju Kreattiv will establish its artistic vision for the upcoming years.
22203	The Heartsaver CPR class is what Ganapol calls “CPR training for everybody.”
22204	The Heat also lost an early wicket, with Grace Harris dismissed in the third over but Jess Jonassen and Georgia Redmayne steadied the ship with a 49-run partnership before Redmayne and Georgia Voll combined for another 44 runs.
22205	The heat brought sleep to my eyes.
22206	The heaviest stories came from the Arabs in the circle as they spoke of the obstacles they overcome every day.
22207	The heels recovered and pulled everyone but Nick Jackson from the ring.
22208	The Help Center will begin offering some services immediately.
22209	The helpline is open at all times until further notice.
22210	The Hennepin County Medical Examiner's Office will release the victim's identity, as well as the and cause of nature of death, in the days ahead.
22211	The heroes in these stories, for the most part, are scientists.
22212	The Hicks news was announced as Trump — emboldened after being acquitted by the Senate in his impeachment trial — moves to dismiss officials he regards as working against his agenda.
22213	The HIF is helping to build £4.1 billion of infrastructure across the UK, and Oxfordshire’s slice will be spent on four particular projects around Didcot to support the garden town scheme.
22214	The High Court ruled in his favour, but this has not stopped Mudzimunyi from harvesting export quality oranges on Lot 2, the best part of the vast estate running parallel to the perennial Mazowe River.
22215	The higher the number of community cases, the less likely contact tracing was feasible, he said.
22216	The highest number of infections and deaths have been recorded in China.
22217	The highlight of the update is likely the next-gen enhancements, and Star Wars: Squadrons now takes more advantage of the PS5 and Xbox Series X/S hardware.
22218	The highly respected coach will dedicate most of his time to England’s development teams up to Under-20 level, while also assisting Under-21s boss Aidy Boothroyd and Three Lions manager Gareth Southgate when required.
22219	The high school student is among four new cases of the virus in South Australia.
22220	The Hindi version will be directed by Gowtam Tinnanuri, who also directed the original film.
22221	The historical figure or celebrity you would like to meet: “(Actress) Taraji P. Henson – I can kind of relate to her.
22222	The Hold Steady – “You Did Good Kid”
22223	The homeless charity Shelter also said it had received calls for help from tenants threatened with eviction because of the coronavirus crisis, including from an NHS worker.
22224	The Home started out with the limited ability to control smart home devices.
22225	The home was also where former spies created invisible ink, pens containing poison and bombs disguised as rats.
22226	The home with the worst damage was at the end of Blue Ridge Drive.
22227	The honors student typically wakes up "a bundle of nerves," she says, which has fueled her work volunteering, playing varsity sports, and leading student government.
22228	The horror movie portrays snakes, specifically anacondas, as monsters of near-mythical proportions.
22229	“The hospital did not want to take risks, several people from slums are being diagnosed with COVID-19,” the security guard said.
22230	The hospitals deposited the money into a bank account that was supposedly the company’s but was controlled only by Haggerty.
22231	The hotel had already secured approval for some modifications prior to the sale in a move that would have extended capacity to 112 bedrooms.
22232	The hotel has been cordoned off.
22233	The hotel says that the Dome Penthouse (one of the three marble bathrooms pictured) 'commands unrivalled views of London's famous landmarks, because it's one of them'
22234	The Hounds’ A and B women’s 200 medley relay teams opened with a 1-3 finish, while the men’s team beat Forbush by 31 seconds.
22235	The House and the Senate cleared both bills by overwhelming bipartisan margins this summer.
22236	The House Price Index climbed to 2.6% in July, up from 2.1%.
22237	The housing association, which employs over 100 staff, invited nominations from all staff across the organisation to recognise colleagues who had gone the extra mile to deliver great services for customers and tenants.
22238	The HP Pavilion 1125xt has enough firepower to sail you through your multimedia, browsing, and productivity needs.
22239	The HSE has today insisted it is confident Covid-19 testing capacity will reach 100,000 tests per week, if needed, by the third week in May.
22240	The hunting chronicles.
22241	The husband was voting for Biden, the wife for Trump, and the two began teasing each other.
22242	The Huskies kept the pressure on, launching into a 10-0 run before Massengill scored five points on back-to-back possessions to cut the lead to 47-38.
22243	The Hutchinson Jaycee Water Carnival Committee is seeking nominations for Mr. Hutchinson and Woman of the Year.
22244	The Hybrid was the world’s first luxury electrified vehicle and Bentley’s first, too.
22245	The IAEA, in partnership with the FAO, has been providing technical support to over 60 countries in implementing SIT technology.
22246	The IATA pointed out that fixed costs and semi-fixed costs in the industry equate to roughly 50% of airlines costs, so trimming expenses might not be easy. are underperformers in the sector.
22247	The ice moves to the front of the cup, blocking the flow of any liquid you’re trying to get out of it.
22248	The idea being that many PC gamers' PSUs do not currently support Nvidia's rumored 12-pin connector for its GeForce RTX 30 series.
22249	The idea is dependent on the federal government first passing a bill that would allow states to make the change.
22250	The idea is to govern projects via a distributed network of stakeholders.
22251	The idea is to tell the story of our food sector and highlight the advantages of Canadian-made food products.
22252	The idea of a “W-shaped” recovery has also steadily gained traction as health experts increasingly warn about a resurgence in virus cases come the fall, and with it, a new downturn in economic growth.
22253	The idea of being rewarded with bliss and perfection for a rightful living while on earth is an interesting concept.
22254	The idea of Groff as the new Smith in fact gains credence thanks to Weaving’s revelations, which certainly indicate that Smith was/is a major part of Wachowski’s script.
22255	The idea of punishing people with 10-day home isolation for their decision to not attend the nationwide testing, mentioned by PM Igor Matovič (OĽaNO), may be stopped by the Constitutional Court.
22256	The idea of time passing may seem obvious and logistically present in every film, but Linklater focuses in on it.
22257	The idea originated from one of Scotland’s most recognised and accomplished fiddle players and composers, Duncan Chisholm, to connect musicians with new fans using the power of social media.
22258	The idea that McCorvey should be compensated in some way for being Jane Roe is a complicated and fraught one.
22259	The IFS concludes that, if we look at both geography and age combined, the death rate should be lower for most ethnicities than for white people.
22260	The IG in a statement said no applicant should be disqualify irrespective of their physical appearance, age and qualification.
22261	The IG post was taken down moments later.
22262	The Ikwunados had dragged before the court the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu; Commissioner of Police, Rivers State, Mustapha Dandaura; the Commander, Eagle Crack, Mile One Division, Benson Adetuyi; and the Investigating Police Officer.
22263	The ill-equipped army has the Herculean task of securing an area two-and-a-half times the size of France from different groups allied to and various militia groups – some fighting for the government and others against it.
22264	“The Illinois Department of Natural Resources does not wish to deprive Illinoisans of access to their private property,” said Rachel Torbert, deputy director of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources (IDNR).
22265	The image has actually shown a 40 km-long portion of the Korolev Crater which is mainly located in the northern hemisphere.
22266	The images were met with concern in Italy with many questioning why fans from the region were allowed to travel at all.
22267	“The immediate crisis of the fire was bigger than our concerns about Covid,” Ms. Sterrett wrote.
22268	“The immigrant community is diverse in itself,” Lee said.
22269	The impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic has been extraordinary, and the rate of infection is once again climbing rapidly in the state of Iowa.
22270	The imperative then, for a change in governance that must conform to the current realities.
22271	The Imperial Headquarters in Japan upset this plan early on by transferring the 25,000-man 9th Division from Okinawa to Taiwan.
22272	The importance of this development bears restating.
22273	The import and export analysis for the global Fiberglass Ladder market has been provided based on region.
22274	The important fact is that people remember Ram in any way.
22275	The important point that had reportedly cropped up prominently in the 100-minute-long meeting between Prime Minister Modi and Andhra Pradesh chief minister YS Jaganmohan Reddy yesterday in New Delhi was the dissolution of AP Legislative Council.
22276	The impression is that the whole of China went into lockdown, but that didn’t really happen,” he says.
22277	The imprint’s biggest hit of the early 1980s came via Milwaukee’s Violent Femmes, whose self-titled debut album generated underground radio hits including “Blister in the Sun.”
22278	The improvements would be constructed in the south yard of the 605 N. 3rd Ave. location.
22279	The inaugural drill program is planned for the summer of 2021.
22280	The inauguration ceremony was attended by the Head of the Islamic Republic of Iran Railways (known as RAI) Saeed Rasouli, as well.
22281	The incident apparently took place during the recently taped 90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After?
22282	The incident comes a week before democratic Taiwan holds presidential and parliamentary elections on Jan.
22283	The incident comes a year to the day after the death of 22-year-old Belgian sprinter Bjorg Lambrecht, who died after falling and hitting a concrete structure on the 2019 Tour of Poland.
22284	The incident happened about 6:30 in the evening on December 31 at South Racecourse Road, Mastermack.
22285	The incident took place at Rungta dyeing company which is a ground plus three storied building at Hanuman tekdi in Bhiwandi on Thursday evening.
22286	The incident took place on Wednesday after the official expressed his inability to transfer the BLO in Jamdharwa village.
22287	The increase in both premium generated and the life fund lend credence to the company’s strong customer base, continued acceptance, as well as a robust sales, drive across both retail and corporate lines of business.
22288	The increase in violence occurred during a period in which President Trump that the United States was “hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years!”
22289	The increase makes South Korea the worst-infected country outside of China.
22290	The increase resulted from lower Selling, General and Administrative (“SG&A”) expenses and increased volume on higher margin programs, which increase was partially offset by lower revenue volume.
22291	“The Incredible Journey of Plants” is a romantic and factual collection of stories from Stefano Mancuso, one of the world’s leading authorities in the field of plant neurobiology.
22292	The incredible lack of data that thwarts this discussion affects all of these issues and calls the entire budget into question.
22293	The Independent Office for Police Conduct there was no evidence Johnson had influenced payments to Ms Arcuri or her companies.
22294	The Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN), South West Zone, has threatened to stop lifting petroleum products in all depots in the region to protest recent increase in fuel pump price.
22295	The Independent’s Help The Hungry campaign will support more operations just like this – but also aims to highlight how you can help in your area, with money, food donations or volunteering.
22296	The index was based on data from 75 countries that comprise 80 percent of the world’s population.
22297	The Indian Agency headquarters for the Jicarilla Apache Nation is located in Dulce.
22298	“The Indiana Harbor, Burns Harbor and Cleveland Works integrated plant have well-known reputations for scale, productivity and quality,” Lourenco Goncalves, Cleveland-Cliffs’s chairman, president and CEO, said on an investor call Monday.
22299	The Indian Council for Medical Research has already approved plans for a phase-two trial involving more than 450 patients that, if the Karnataka trial goes well, will take up to six months.
22300	“The indigenes are going to be properly enlightened on ways of maintaining proper hygiene, proper ways of sneezing among others,” he said.
22301	The individual has not had known contact with the senator or any other members of Congress.
22302	The individual mandate was the most unpopular aspect of Obamacare.
22303	The individuals will be banned for life from London Stadium and from travelling with the Club with immediate effect."
22304	The individual who tested positive for COVID-19 from Cass County is a woman in her 20s and the individual from Ward County is a man in his 60s.
22305	The Industrial Disputes Act 1947 is a Special Law which mandates payment of lay-off compensation in the event of a natural calamity or other connected reasons.
22306	The industry fought back.
22307	The inevitable gaps in knowledge, understanding and deep-seated mental representations among students as a result of remote, inferior learning must be acknowledged and addressed.
22308	The infection rate is just half of one percent.
22309	The Infinity exhibition showcases his aesthetic, which curator Sandra Agbessi describes as “futuristic, multicultural and polymorphic”.
22310	The information services provider reported $9.87 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $11.27 by ($1.40).
22311	The infrastructure built through these last few months will allow us to build an organization that will turn Iowa Blue in November.
22312	The ingredients were present, I guess.
22313	The initial reception of “The Swamp” and “Chirpy” may have been largely negative, but the fact that there was any feedback at all marked the mid-’60s as a fundamentally different era in manga culture.
22314	The initial rollout of four Cup Series races over 11 days requires a grueling effort by teams, who are working in split shifts or alternative methods to maintain social distancing while preparing cars for the return.
22315	The initiates sit on the hide during the ceremony.
22316	The initiative is meant to instil confidence in police personnel,” Ms. Vijaya said.
22317	The initiative, she said, came from a desire to see more interaction between the communities.
22318	“The initiative, which began 10 days ago has been running smoothly.
22319	The injections are easily available, and should be given to those patients who are in actual need… sometimes misuse might lead to complications in a patient.
22320	The injury report cited hamstring and ankle injuries for Collins.
22321	The innocuous sounding hashtag, which had previously been used by anti-child-trafficking NGOs, has been flooded with emotive content by QAnon adherents hinting at the broader QAnon narrative.
22322	The inquest was told that, in a police interview conducted days after the incident, Ian Ward said he and his brother had repeatedly hit the intruder, but he denied murdering him.
22323	The inquiry is looking at whether the May 2019 agreement for Mr Packer to sell 19.9 per cent of the shares in Crown to Hong Kong group Melco breached its casino licence by giving Macau casino kingpin Stanley Ho an indirect interest in Crown.
22324	The insecurity in the country is not about any religion.
22325	The inspector general found that morale at the embassy was negatively affected because Johnson "sometimes questioned their intentions."
22326	The institutional investor bought 40,485 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $35,000.
22327	The institution continues to finalize its plans for the next fiscal year and is working towards a balanced budget, according to the release.
22328	The instrument panel gets an aluminum appliqué.
22329	The intention being to express the sudden change in Karen’s life where every new information comes as a gust of wind in her face that sweeps her of her feet.
22330	The intention is primarily to make MDC Alliance MPs believe that their party is standing on ground which is giving way.
22331	“The intent of this project is not to actually run tests on actual viral RNA in our labs.
22332	The interactive VR series I played a major role in came out last month and it’s been VERY fun to play and search for all the different scenes I remember recording.
22333	The interesting information is that Allen was an integral part of making this film.
22334	The interim injunction also includes an order retraining the PDP and INEC from announcing, publishing and recognising the Ward congresses results earlier conducted by the party.
22335	The interim report contained no specific recommendations: they come with the final report due at the end of October.
22336	The International Air Transport Association is also an app, and the government of India is a smartphone certificate.
22337	The International Labor Organisation, in a new look at the impact of the pandemic on jobs, says that work hours equivalent to 305 million full-time jobs have been lost due to the COVID-19 crisis.
22338	The Internet didn't hesitate to hilariously rip Simmons over his bizarre breakfast etiquette.
22339	The interrupted 2020 Six Nations championship – remember that?
22340	The intersection of Smithland Road and Buffalo Drive will be improved to connect with the increased elevation of Smithland Road.
22341	The in the Creative Beginnings box is particularly good — full of citrusy zing and just the right amount of heat, it pairs perfectly with everything from noodles to scrambled eggs — as is the umami-rich soy sauce from Marunaka Shoyu.
22342	The Int’l Banker Names BDO’s Tan, “CEO of the Year in Asia”
22343	The introduction of Radha in the ninth over worked as immediately after hitting a six over deep wicket, the Sri Lankan captain was caught at square leg.
22344	The introductions took place in Oman, Poland, Romania, Monaco and elsewhere, on top of the lucrative gigs Hunter Biden got in Ukraine and Kazakhstan.
22345	The investigation into homicide remains ongoing and anyone with information is asked to call the Albany Police Detective Division at 518-462-8039.
22346	The investigation of the Nirbhaya case is still fresh in the memory of Rajender Singh.
22347	The investigation was launched by Cabinet Secretary Sir Mark Sedwill - who has since announced his resignation following reports of tensions between him and senior members of the PM's team in Downing Street.
22348	The investigator, Victor Shokin, has also said, under oath, that his resignation was due to pressure from Biden.
22349	The investment group needs a zoning change to unify the zoning of the four properties and allow greater density than the base zoning permits.
22350	The investors should not apply logic to the share market as it’s a different animal altogether, small-cap investor Shankar Sharma told ET Now in an interview.
22351	The invoices were created by his relatives, Mr Grant said, notably by distant cousin Daniel Calleja, who subcontracted works to other companies.
22352	The inyanga revealed to them that his problem was due to sleeping with a fenced married woman and for it to be solved they had to engage Mandizvidza.
22353	The IOC will convene an emergency meeting of its decision-making executive board Sunday to discuss the decision.
22354	The Ioniq works better than the Clarity or the Leaf or the Prius, because it hasn’t gone weird for weird’s sake.
22355	The Iowa Democratic Party will for the first time release raw numbers from the first grouping, as well as the final vote total after realignment.
22356	The I-Pace has a 234-mile battery range.
22357	The IPO delivered a £60 million windfall for partners including Rowley for the shares they sold.
22358	The IPS also explained that with many emergency regulations no longer in place, the family visits are a legal right that must be upheld.
22359	Their 2-4 record is mostly the result of a porous defense.
22360	Their actions would be echoed in the resistance movements that developed in occupied France, Italy, Poland, Greece, the Balkans, Vietnam and China, with socialist and communist workers and youth playing a prominent role.
22361	Their ages range from one to 67 years.
22362	“Their agony, their pain, their ordeal cannot be expressed in words.
22363	The Iranian government responded to the attack by pulling out of a nuclear treaty and vowing revenge for Soleimani’s killing.
22364	The Iranians and their cultural institutions have done a fantastic job in protecting it.
22365	Their annual summary for 2019 counts 2,370 Arab attacks on Jews.
22366	Their appearance is a high-profile case seen as a test for a contentious law that criminalises homosexuality.
22367	Their bill also extends COVID-related paid sick leave protections to employees who are not covered by the federal Families FFCRA.
22368	Their bond will grow stronger, so it could leave them wondering just how far to take this.
22369	“Their camaraderie saying they are in this together,” she told reporters.
22370	Their chances of suffering violence may be equivalent to or higher than in a war zone.
22371	Their comments come after BBC presenter Victoria Derbyshire admitted that if the rule of six were still in place by Christmas, she would ignore it.
22372	Their cooking techniques are admirable, and their flavors are right where they should be.
22373	Their coverage of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), the UN body tasked with investigating allegations that Syrian forces used such weapons in 2013, 2017, and 2018, has been especially credulous and unprofessional.
22374	Their current contract expires at the end of March.
22375	Their effective resignation last week followed a year filled with rumors of infighting between the brothers and reports of Meghan feeling unwelcome in the highly traditional and structured royal family.
22376	Their employees, families and friends aim to walk, hop, skip, run or cycle a total of 24,888 miles before the end of the month.
22377	Their findings were presented in an online seminar on Aug. 28.
22378	Their food supply is greatly supported by FoodForward SA, who provide them with a monthly.
22379	Their future is often intertwined with their customers, employees, suppliers and communities.
22380	Their hard water, however, did not allow them to add as many hops without the resulting beer being excessively astringent.
22381	Their hope was simply to build relationships with like-minded people, including fellow students, athletes and parishioners at the Newman Center, where UMaine’s Catholic community gathers to worship.
22382	Their house, their everything, their clothes,” Tanner said.
22383	The Irish border, the U.K.’s only land border with the EU, was by far the toughest issue to resolve in the original Brexit talks.
22384	The Irish start-up’s co-founder, Peter Connor, said: “This partnership with Revolut Business comes at a welcome time when many SMEs have had to cut back on some of their most vital services, including accounting.
22385	Their lives and their progress should be reviewed by parole boards or judges who have the benefit of considering the perpetrators’ adult conduct over many years in prison.
22386	Their love proved to be heartwarming and realistic.
22387	Their meeting preceded that of the justice ministers committee, which sat in the afternoon.
22388	Their mere existence is by the mercy of those who rule the respective states.
22389	Their most recent, on January 24, says: ‘He can now eat mash.
22390	Their music continues to address social issues such as love, social justice and the need for people to value their traditions in the face of cultural aggression.
22391	Their on-field gestures, they said, are now only part of their mission.
22392	The irony of this week’s postcode lockdown is hard to miss.
22393	Their opponents have averaged 113.4 points on 48.7% shooting.
22394	Their owners and operators remain a mystery.
22395	Their pleas came the day after the Alberta government announced new restrictions on indoor social gatherings.
22396	Their point obviously still stands as Rockstar and other developers bring high-tech jobs to the UK.
22397	“Their population is about one-sixth of Nigeria’s population, and they are blessed with more resources.
22398	Their projections include two scenarios, one having the Governor's Stay At Home order ending on May 18th and the other having it extended through May 31st.
22399	Their proposed splash-down sites are off the coast of western Florida’s panhandle, while tropical storm Isaias is headed toward the state’s east coast.
22400	Their ratio of net debt to gross domestic product was at about 77% last year, according to the International Monetary Fund.
22401	Their relationship started simply from “respecting each other’s work”, Yoz says, blossoming on social media DMs and then group chats.
22402	Their residents are often immune from criminal prosecution for their actions outside the gates, while the locals are only admitted within to do the yard work and cleaning.
22403	Their scenes together—or rather, Ali’s scenes with anyone in the show—are ridiculously one-sided.
22404	“The IRS has come out with a portal for people to input their direct deposit, and that will tell you how to get your stimulus fund if you haven’t received it via direct deposit.”
22405	Their simulations showed that the misalignment in the orbits of the three stars could cause the disc around them to break into distinct rings, which is exactly what they see in their observations.
22406	Their sports bar will also have all-day happy hour.
22407	Their support allowed us the flexibility to figure out how best to operate in a manner that would keep both staff and library users safe.
22408	“Their symptoms are treated and they’re sent home again,” she said.
22409	Their three children remain healthy, Trudeau said.
22410	Their votes and enthusiasm must be earned.
22411	Their votes don't always comply with partisan - this partisan division, but they do far too often in a way that raises doubts about the fairness of the court.
22412	Their willingness to commit such a violent crime in this public setting shows they are a substantial danger to the community,” Barbosa wrote.
22413	Their world cup feat have led many to compare them with the 1992 squad that had the likes of Abedi Pele, Tony Yeboah, Tony Baffoe, and reached the final of the 1992 AFCON.
22414	The is $3.50 to $5 a student, depending on how many students are registered.
22415	The island boasts Thailand’s highest concentration of 5-star international hotels outside of Bangkok as well as a wide range of affordable hotels, resorts and spas for all budgets.
22416	The island of Koh Phangan is situated in southeast Thailand.
22417	The isn’t made for Banner, a science geek whose perpetually agitated state threatens to unleash a beast.
22418	The Israeli government has already been pushed to convert production in a satellite and missile factory of Israel Aerospace Industries for the production of ventilators.
22419	The ISS said it had urged the health ministry to coordinate the collection of samples regularly in sewers and at the entrance to purification plants “as a tool to detect and monitor the circulation of the virus in different territories at an early stage”.
22420	The issue can be even more pressing than the pandemic and the U.S.-China trade war, because of the potential for driving buyers away, he said.
22421	“The issue of special status for Lagos state has again been brought to the front burner following fallouts of the protest against extra-judicial killings and Police brutality.
22422	The issue pertains to a property shared by the daughters of Pundalik Navelkar wherein Suraj is accused of threatening and abusing the Keny family.
22423	The items arrived this week, and were delivered by a member of the Gathimba Edwards Foundation.
22424	The jacket and dress on its own are stylish and fit Jackie well, but together it's not a successful look.
22425	The Jackie sandal is one of the most popular and it sells for 399.99 Euros (about $432).
22426	The Jackrabbits won the district title while the Lady Indians finished an authoritative second.
22427	The Jaguars led 20-16 at halftime and continued to defend Volcano Vista extremely well deep into the third quarter.
22428	The Jaguars likely will be firmly in the mix to have the No. 1 overall pick in the 2021 draft.
22429	The Jamaica College Manning Cup winner last played for Israeli top flight team, Kiryat Schmona, and he is grateful for those who extended messages of support.
22430	The Japanese domestic rugby season was put on hold when the Covid-19 outbreak first presented itself, so Parker jumped on a flight home to New Zealand.
22431	The Japanese software is an open book.
22432	The Jar of Hearts hitmaker previously opened about her battle with post-partum depression, which hit her "the hardest" when she stopped breastfeeding her little girl.
22433	The Jasper-Banff caribou are "in danger of winking out," says a conservation manager with Parks Canada.
22434	The JEE Main has been postponed, but what about NEET?”
22435	The Jets have so many holes on their roster that Douglas may still be focusing on filling needs late in the draft rather than looking for potential project quarterbacks.
22436	The Jewish community is spread around the mellah or walled cities of Rabat, Marrakech, Tangier, Fez, and Casablanca.
22437	The jingle dress dance is commonly seen in competitive powwows, performed by indigenous women and girls, and gets >its name from the rows of metal cones – called ziibaaska’iganan – attached to their dresses which make a distinctive sound as they dance.
22438	The J&J and AstraZeneca vaccines are both based on a so-called adenovirus, a harmless modified virus that instructs human cells to produce vaccine proteins.
22439	The jobs cut at Coors Field include beverage attendants, cashiers, cooks, food prep workers, bussers, hosts, security workers, suite attendants and food stand staff.
22440	The job was entrusted to Dr. de Forest O’Dell, a veteran newsman and journalism educator from the US.
22441	The Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies is home to the China-Africa Research Initiative (CARI), which focuses on, among other areas, the economic dimensions of China-Africa relations.
22442	The joint command of Tantya Tope, Rao Saheb, Laxmi Bai, Feroezshah and Moulvi Fazal Haq, was able to mobilise a huge rebel army of 70-80 thousand fighters.
22443	The Joint Commission accredits more.
22444	The joke is going to be one them, if there is no football this season.
22445	The jokes can wait, comedians.
22446	The joke works because it taps into a real suspicion that any of our time on earth spent enduring any kind of tedium, triviality or boredom is objectively wasted time, time you may as well have been dead.
22447	The JTA President also added that the limited resumption of face to face classes in boarding institutions will require separate deliberations.
22448	The judge accepted he was struggling with mental health issues at the time of the offending.
22449	The judge agreed, and Castor’s successor reopened the case in 2015, just months before the statute of limitations to arrest him would have expired.
22450	The judge also told the defendant that he was “banned for life from owning or possessing any firearm” and warned him that if he committed another felony, he could spend 25 years to life behind bars, according to the Long Beach Post.
22451	The judge did not provide detailed explanations as to why he threw out the case, but promised a full explanation of his reasons for the decision in the future.
22452	The judge had previously ordered Kline to surrender himself to the custody of the U.S. Marshals on Monday.
22453	The judge said Mr. Stone had violated a gag order by using them to attack the special counsel’s investigation and officials tied to it.
22454	The judges were 50% correct, as Jonathan Ross and Rita Ora said Jason Manford.
22455	The judge told Baker he was required to stay in Florida but could leave the state for work.
22456	The judge wasn't impressed, and the citation against my dad was dismissed.
22457	The judge who convicted a British teenager of lying about being gang raped by 12 men in Cyprus has been accused of hating women after he previously threw out another rape case two years ago, despite 'strong evidence'.
22458	The Ju Jitsu academy will be holding sessions on Mondays and Wednesdays between 7.30-9.00pm at its premises at North jumpers bastion, Rosia road.
22459	The June 4 Tiananmen vigil has been held for decades but was banned for the first time this year because of the coronavirus outbreak.
22460	The jury deliberated for more than 20 hours to reach its verdicts.
22461	The Justice administration has not given clear benchmarks on what kinds of testing capacity and safety equipment inventory it wants to have as part of the reopening strategy.
22462	"The Justice League teaser that wasn't in the movie, apparently, I guess, where Wonder Woman says, it's this line where Bruce says 'I was right here when Barry Allen came to me and he said Lois Lane is the key,' and she says 'She is, to Superman.
22463	The justice who had served in an acting capacity since 2019 was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday, June 11. She was recommended by the National Judicial Council but her nomination was not transmitted to the Senate for approval until recently.
22464	The Kachin Hills, the primary jade mining region in Kachin state, are regulated by the Myanmar military, also known as the Tatmadaw.
22465	The Kaduna State Police Command on Saturday said, it would on 24 August, 2020 commence credential screening for applicants willing to be enlisted into the Nigeria Police Force.
22466	The Kaieteur Block was awarded to Ratio Guyana and Ratio Energy on April 28, 2015 at 13,500 sq. km or 3.3 million acres.
22467	The Kaieteur Block was initially split 50/50 by Ratio Energy and Ratio Guyana (owned by the Israeli company, Ratio Petroleum) on April 28, 2015.
22468	The Kanasuc Group perform a Mauritius dance.
22469	The KCCA Acting executive director, Mr Andrew Kitaka says they will start designing the parks soon to create the 2-meter distance between taxis.
22470	The keenly contested but even match between the clear favourites for progression from Group E produced scores of chances, but neither side could apply the finishing necessary to claim all three points.
22471	The Kemps are looking forward to working with her.
22472	The key advantage of antigen tests is that it can take several days for the immune system to develop enough antibodies to be picked up by a test, whereas antigens can be seen almost immediately after infection.
22473	The key fobs were being sold to be reprogrammed for use on other vehicles, according to the affidavit, which said more than $60,000 was paid to a PayPal account — “scarpone21" — linked to Gibbs.
22474	The key is that Lillard never gives the ball up until he’s sure his teammates are spaced optimally to use their numbers advantage.
22475	“The key is you’ve got to have a REAL ID credential of some sort (by Oct. 1),” Holcomb said.
22476	The Kherwadi and Vakola police are at the accident spot.
22477	The kids can come out, our fans and friends can come out and get a little shopping done, see what’s new and happening at the Broadway Market.
22478	The kids in your life have noticed.
22479	The kids ran, with Toney and a friend going one block south near 8th and Kentucky to King’s mother, who was sitting outside with friends, hearing what sounded like “fireworks”.
22480	The Kiev-bound Ukraine International Airlines plane was shot down in a catastrophic error shortly after takeoff from Tehran on January 8, killing all 176 people on board.
22481	The killing brought down the government of then-Prime Minister Robert Fico and prompted large-scale probes into corruption at the very top of the country’s criminal justice system.
22482	The killing of General Suleimani scuttled any chance of negotiating a better nuclear deal with Iran, at least for now.
22483	The kingdom has never left Africa, despite its decision to withdraw from the OAU in 1984, because of violations of the organization’s charters, affirmed Amrani.
22484	THE Kwara Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has expressed its readiness to enforce strict adherence to social distancing by ensuring vehicles are not overloaded.
22485	The Kwara State Command of the Nigeria Customs Service has seized forty-seven contraband items worth over N484 million from August last year to January this year.
22486	The label area on the front is a huge hit with our tester, who loves that it can be written on in chalk and changed about five times a day!
22487	The Labor opposition is drafting a bill which has in-principle support from the Berejiklian government and would make it impossible for liquor licences to prevent venues hosting live music.
22488	The Labs are part of UNDP's new Global Policy Network (GPN), which was rolled out in 2019.
22489	The labs were instructed by the CDC to demonstrate that the test would work before analyzing samples from patients.
22490	The lab would fund construction of a one-story addition to the Bar Harbor building, and the Ellsworth-based Downeast Family Y — which already runs a daycare program for the lab in Ellsworth — would run the program in the new space.
22491	The La Canada High alumnus joins Rory McIlroy, Tiger Woods and Jack Nicklaus as 23-year-olds to win the PGA.
22492	The lace in their wigs is of good quality.
22493	The lack of a clear successor for Kim has raised fears about the security of the program in the event of political turmoil in North Korea, which borders U.S. strategic rival China and U.S. allies South Korea and Japan.
22494	“The lack of information is going to result in the widening of the health disparities,” said Cathy Samayoa, adjunct assistant professor at SF State.
22495	The lack of internal support often translates into many elected officials choosing not to run for reelection, despite how hard they worked to get the position.
22496	“The lack of parking near the museum has been a long-term issue for visitors,” he said.
22497	The Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday unveiled Nigeria’s first locally-assembled full electric car, aimed at reducing pressure on use of petroleum.
22498	The Lagos State Judicial Panel of Enquiry has begun the reviewing the footage captured by the surveillance camera at…
22499	The Lakeland Mirror editors invite readers to comment on all articles.
22500	The Lakers lost major defensive contributors Avery Bradley and Dwight Howard to free agency, but Davis and Alex Caruso are back along with the four veteran newcomers, who can all excel on both ends.
22501	The Lakers, meanwhile, are leading the Western Conference with a 36-9 record.
22502	The Lakers won the fewest games in the NBA in the previous five seasons before they signed LeBron James.
22503	The landlord of the property, Dr Aliyu Musa, has come out to debunk such.
22504	The laptop is expected to go on sale in the first half of 2020.
22505	The La Redoute Discount Code is revealed when you click a box below.
22506	The largest gifts amount to $15 million and $6 million from two alumni legacy families.
22507	The largest has been run by the Mayo Clinic in the US – about 71,000 people have received treatment across 2780 hospitals over the past five months as part of a programme that enables access to experimental therapies.
22508	The large sticker of Hogwarts on the wall was from Google, and there is even a stuffed Hedwig toy in a cage from Amazon.
22509	The largest lead for the Matadors during this set was by four points.
22510	The larvae are placed in coral nursery pens and, six to nine months later, the two-centimetre baby corals are transplanted back on to trays on the reef to grow.
22511	The LAS also said crews were called to Northwold Road at 2.30pm on Saturday, adding that “a person was pronounced dead at the scene”, but would not comment on whether the two incidents were linked.
22512	The last 8 days have seen the maximum surge in new Covid cases in Punjab since March.
22513	The last act of the night was Dj Khaled and friends, emphasis on “and friends,” and it came with plenty of surprises.
22514	The last major step in restoring US-Sudanese relations is legislation pending in Congress that would restore Sudan's sovereign immunity.
22515	The last poem features an illustration with two people on the couch.
22516	The Last Thing He Wanted premieres on Netflix on February 21, 2020.
22517	The last time Bergmann was allowed to visit her husband was was on Nov. 1. While she can understand the reason for public health orders restricting visits, her husband can't.
22518	The last time I engaged someone in a good faith debate, I won so thoroughly that ZZ Top granted me the keys to their magic hot rod.
22519	The last time its 50-day simple moving average crossed above its 200-day counterpart back in November 2019, GBPUSD them went on to climb another 3.6 percent through mid-December.
22520	“The last time I was at a meeting where she gave a talk everyone left at the end with a smile on their face.”
22521	“The last time that was tried, a direct payment to low and middle income families showed up quite quickly in spending,” Shenfeld said.
22522	The last time two Australian punters faced off for the NFC title was in 2009 when Ben Graham's Arizona Cardinals were victorious over Sav Rocca's Philadelphia Eagles.
22523	“The Las Vegas Raiders will have a very positive impact on the Las Vegas community and their new state-of-the-art stadium will forever change the Las Vegas skyline.”
22524	The later game between the New Orleans Pelicans visiting the Sacramento Kings, which would have been the final game before the suspension, was postponed with some players on the court and fans in the stands when the decision was made.
22525	The Latest: Americans on…
22526	The latest estimates they released – from last week – projected 2,984 deaths in New Mexico over the next 12 months, along with severe shortages of intensive care beds and ventilators.
22527	The latest excuse is that they are crucial to the supply chain during the pandemic.
22528	The latest figures from the Government Office for Science and the Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies (Sage) show that the rate of spread of the coronavirus infection across the UK - the growth rate - is at minus 5 per cent to minus 1 per cent.
22529	The latest gossip is that the film will be ending with the disappointing note of Prabhas' character.
22530	The latest incident has prompted head teacher Natalie Hill to urge parents to put the safety and wellbeing of staff and pupils first.
22531	The latest in the 2020 Senate races.
22532	The latest result includes almost $200 million in impairments and more than $3 million in funding-related costs.
22533	The latest social media post of Telugu superstar is all about beef and the beast.
22534	… The latest statistics from the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development offer some encouraging signals that many people are starting to return to work.”
22535	The latest tallies come as the Democratic contenders rev up for a long-anticipated series of state primary contests.
22536	The latest tally brings the total number of Covid-19 cases to 1,731 with 253 and 67 deaths.
22537	The latter is especially useful when driving a car in foggy conditions.
22538	The latter is technically available on PS3 in some regions as well, but Final Fantasy 7 Remake is a pure-PS4 exclusive with strong reviews and its announcement was easily one of Sony's biggest E3 moments in the past decade.
22539	The latter though is a different type of candidate in that he is not an experienced football administrator.
22540	The launch kick-started a six-month trial, during which Kongsberg’s system controlled the ferry’s journey from start to finish, with a captain overseeing the trip from inside the bridge.
22541	The launch of the Mid-Term National Development Plan which Port Loko stakeholders declared to own climaxed the occasion.
22542	The law allows forgiveness for “remote meetings” that took place between March 10 and the law’s enactment.
22543	The law allows the government to waive those restrictions to help deal with the public health emergency created by the coronavirus outbreak.
22544	The law of attraction states that what people focus on in their thoughts becomes their reality.
22545	The law on face masks could be in place until at least January.
22546	The lawsuit, filed in the US District Court in Boston, says that ICE’s actions were “arbitrary and capricious and an abuse of discretion” and asks the court to block the guidelines’ enforcement.
22547	The law tightens the "legal and social controls on the production and sale of cigarettes and on smoking as required by the state tobacco-prohibition policy".
22548	The law would also bar the president from sending in nonmilitary law enforcement if they are armed.
22549	The lawyer who represented the foundation not coincidentally became one of the top prosecutors of Special Counsel Robert Mueller in his now infamous Russian collusion investigation.
22550	The layers of sustainable fashion can be arduous to peel off, and there may not be one single answer at the centre of it all.
22551	“The Lazes gazebo is round and solid and classic.
22552	The lead agency for the implementation of the programme in Gombe is the International Organization for Migration, a leading inter-government organization which is represented in Nigeria.
22553	The leader of a protest against a drag queen story time event in Brisbane, Australia, has reportedly died by suicide just a day after he and his fellow disrupters stormed a library ‘scaring’ children.
22554	The leaders didn’t try YES, but you have worsened it.
22555	The leadership and true guts being shown out there by our local communities, often with minimal resources and under intense duress, has been staggering.
22556	The leadership contest continues up until the beginning of April.
22557	“The leadership have serious questions that they must not be allowed to dodge.
22558	The lead-up to Sundance was especially rocky for “On the Record.”
22559	The league's board and all clubs will meet on Tuesday to decide upon further action.
22560	“The league should have written the weekend off.
22561	The leak about Kushner’s supposed anger at Parscale smells like something engineered by him and Ivanka to signal to Trump that the fault for Tulsa lies with others, not with them.
22562	“The learned judge erred when he suo mote, adjourned the application sine die on the grounds of avoiding ‘prejudice and ensure fair play and justice’.”
22563	The Lee County Commission voted 4-1 to name Rita Smith as the next director of the Lee County Emergency Management Agency.
22564	The Legacy Alliance started as an alliance of community based Licensed Child Welfare (foster care) Agencies.
22565	The legal documents accuse Easterbrook of erasing evidence of these relationships from his phone and telling investigators at the time "deliberate falsehoods."
22566	The legal resting period will be 10 p.m. to 6 a.m., according to the ordinance.
22567	The legendary AK-47, developed in the late 1940s, uses a 7.62-mm round.
22568	The Legion supports many worthwhile causes, as listed in the accompanying photo that hangs high on the wall inside the Bargain Barn.
22569	The legislation also changes the name from sex trafficking assessments to human trafficking assessments.
22570	The legislative diplomacy dialogue became imperative as the parliaments of the two countries sought modalities to resolve challenges and provide an enabling business environment for foreign traders, including Nigerians doing business in Ghana.
22571	The legislative process includes several chances for public input on the text of a bill and for legislators to address any issues that do arise, which makes it a preferable process to the initiative.
22572	The Legislature passed a similar requirement last year, but this would put it in the constitution.
22573	The legislature recommended that the colleges be streamlined to represent each of the three senatorial district.
22574	The lender also booked £608 million of impairment charges for the reporting period.
22575	The lender's baseline scenario assumes that the number of new infections will continue to slow and that fresh outbreaks won’t result in new lockdowns.
22576	The length depends on the disease, and the individual.
22577	The Lenovo Chromebook Duet is also compatible with USI Stylus pens for when you want to take notes or sketch.
22578	The lesser of two evils?
22579	The lesson, as I make clear in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People: they—the tyrants, the bogeymen, the strongmen, the enemies of freedom—live, because “we the people” sleep.
22580	“The lessons weren’t learnt soon enough and again I apologise unreservedly on behalf all of those individuals and agencies who made those mistakes,” Berejiklian told reporters in Sydney.
22581	The letter addressed to the UN is very short, around three sentences, a source briefed on the correspondence told CNN, and it triggers a one-year withdrawal timeline.
22582	The letters, signed by Public Health Officer Dr. Wilma Wooten, states that the venues “intend to hold large gatherings on October 30, 2020–November 1, 2020” in violation of the county’s public health order and state guidelines.
22583	The letters were from the College Avenue Student Loan Company.
22584	The Level Bolt inside is powered by a CR2 battery which actually slots into the stainless steel bolt itself.
22585	The level had previously been at substantial, meaning an attack is likely.
22586	The Lewistown Sentinel reported that at approximately 12:19 p.m., a pick-up truck driven by Caleb McGee, 19, collided with the Jersey barrier, veered up an embankment and struck a tree.
22587	The Lexington Giants had 19-year-old Bobby Bonds.
22588	“The Liberal Party has explaining to do,” he said.
22589	The licences contribute about 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to Wintershall Dea's production, approximately two per cent of Wintershall Dea's daily production in Germany.
22590	The lifeblood of the territory is delivered through its seaports.
22591	"The line was long, but the service was incredible, and there was a very fast-moving queue."
22592	The linked Guardian article is worth reading too.
22593	The link to the new site is http://invite.
22594	The Lions and Raiders are both dumpster fires!
22595	The lira traded at over 7.28 against the dollar today, a historic low, marking a 20% decrease in its value against the greenback this year.
22596	The list includes Fresno, Kings, Tulare, Merced and Madera counties.
22597	The listing says that the model has 128GB on board storage, but previous reports have said that it will be available in more storage configurations as well.
22598	The list of exclusions is more or less similar across insurers and its various plans.
22599	The little boy was born with certain neurological conditions which have affected his development, but consistent therapy will hopefully play a big part in helping him reach his age milestones.
22600	The living legend has been called a sex icon over the years and has been considered the blueprint for a number of entertainers of today.
22601	The lockdown across the world has caused more troubles than happiness for people, but in case of Vanitha Vijayakumar, it has turned out to be a blessing.
22602	“The lockdown of several states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) in the second quarter of the year will have an immense negative impact on GDP growth in the year.
22603	The logic wil be to define the election as a “correction” of the 2016 mistake.
22604	The London department store nails Christmas gorging with exquisite treats overflowing from sleek, black wicker baskets.
22605	The long-brewing crisis came to a head last year as capital inflows to Lebanon slowed and protests erupted against its political elite.
22606	The longer this drags on with accusations but no mass fraud found the worse Republicans look, which is why many are now moving to support the peaceful transition to the president elect.
22607	The Longhorns are looking for their second straight ranked win and fourth straight overall.
22608	The long-term consequences of COVID-19 will make already difficult decisions about South Africa's maritime security even more complex.
22609	The Long Valley Project is located near Mammoth Lakes in Mono County, California.
22610	The loosening of restrictions comes despite the capital still recording double-digit daily new infections, with more than 90 people in total returning positive coronavirus tests from Monday to Wednesday.
22611	The looting there happened between 1:30 a.m. and 3 a.m. last Monday, police said.
22612	The Los Angeles Police Dept’s budget for this year was about $1.73 billion, and next year it is expected to be increase to $1.85 billion.
22613	The losses leave the Cardinals short-handed on the defensive line as are also on injured reserve.
22614	The loss of Tom Sole in the recent series in Dubai for an illegal bowling action looked to unbalance the Scotland side.
22615	The loss of Yun's life cost Kyoshi greatly.
22616	The Louisiana Soccer Association (LSA) is a non-profit organization with the primary objective of teaching sportsmanship, discipline, leadership, teamwork and physical conditioning through the playing and promotion of soccer.
22617	The “Love Like This” singer was charged with cocaine and marijuana possession in 2004 and was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving in 2010.
22618	The lovely ladies enjoy lavish lifestyles while selling million dollar homes.
22619	The lowest range was 57 pips on the February 9th trading week.
22620	The Loxahatchee Groves Planning & Zoning Committee recommended approval of the amendments last month.
22621	The LTA is the National Governing Body of tennis for Great Britain.
22622	The lucky survivors make it to the Paradise Detention Center, where the really lucky ones find a humane lawyer like Mona Jimenez.
22623	The lunar rake, an Apollo lunar geology hand tool, is used to collect discrete samples of rocks and rock chips ranging in size from one-half inch (1.3 centimeters) to 1 inch (2.5 centimeters).
22624	The lungs are unable to convert enough oxygen from the air into the blood.
22625	The LX trim level comes standard with autonomous emergency braking (including pedestrian and cyclist detection) and a driver attention monitor.
22626	THE Lyric Lane laneway in Maylands is set to light up with alfresco dining and outdoor decor during a trial closure this month.
22627	The machine is located in a glossy green shipping container in the corner of the university’s sports field.
22628	"The MacKenzie is renowned for really high winds - 300km/h winds are not unusual in some of these places - and really high snow loading too.
22629	The Mad Smith and the Abyssal Forge remained in the Shadow Lands for eons, but the events of caused the path to the realm to open.
22630	The magazine you don’t read?
22631	The magistrate adjourned trial until January 25, 2021.
22632	The magistrate overrules that objection, though.
22633	The Mahabharata stories were rich in themes that are as relevant today as they were centuries ago.
22634	The Mahogany Fire at Mount Charleston has been fully contained, officials announced Tuesday.
22635	The main difference I’ve seen from Morris has been some strides we’ve seen from the defense, as OC Dirk Koetter has remained in control of the offense no matter who the head coach has been.
22636	The main draw for the first round was released on Thursday night.
22637	The main entrance hall has several large taxidermy animals - including zebras, giraffes and a flamingo.
22638	The main Garda budget this year stands at €1.882 billion, an increase of €122 million on the 2019 allocation.
22639	The main incentives are the creation of state-of-the-art facilities, the extensive experience and expertise of plastic surgeons, as well as the much lower prices.
22640	The main message remains that the risk to the UK public is low, although cases of the virus could emerge over the next few days.
22641	The main ongoing risk would be international travel, she said.
22642	The main residence features an open living and dining area with a white brick fireplace, and a kitchen with granite countertops and stainless steel appliances.
22643	The main stimulus business need is access to finance to rebuild and restock,” Ken Gichinga, Chief Economist at Mentoria Economics said.
22644	The main suspect Aadhi, 21, an engineering student, spoke to Shanmugasundaram and asked him to come to Madhavaram.
22645	The main threat to democracy is that it expands and speeds up the degradation of norms that are necessary for the functioning of representative democracies, he said.
22646	The major census questionnaire asks about race, national origin, how many TV’s, refrigerators and other marketing questions—which is why the cost is so much.
22647	The majority of the customer reviews received so far are positive.
22648	The majority of the Demons’ turnovers were live-ball miscues, helping spark the Red Raiders’ transition offense.
22649	"The majority of the population especially in town are really living in hard times.
22650	The major renovation is the biggest overhaul to the centre in almost 20 years boasting a new colour scheme and fittings, and four new computers for residents to use.
22651	The makers behind the Print Studio app, Social Print Studio, also has a web-based option.
22652	The mall on Route 202 has seen a rising vacancy rate as chain and independent retailers go out of business and shoppers turn to regional malls like Christiana Mall and the stores around its boundaries.
22653	The managed alcohol program, controversial from the day it began, is a harm-reduction strategy, like a safe-injection site.
22654	The manager sees the Clarets as a great example of how to establish a club in the Premier League but his own resourcefulness may have halted Sean Dyche’s accidental European charge.
22655	“The manager told us all stories about how much people had to work just to afford to come to one game.
22656	The Managing Director of the company, Mr Yaw Kwakwa, said apart from the high level of accuracy of the machines, they also offered convenience for passengers who would be arriving in the country.
22657	The man and his wife, who expressed their gratitude in a statement, could not hide their joy after Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed promised to cover their bill.
22658	The Manchester VA is a low-tier outpatient facility with four offsite clinics.
22659	The manga makes her a Team Rocket executive who manages to fuse the Legendary Birds.
22660	The manifestation of people’s dreams was very visible as you worked your way through the landscape.
22661	The man in the incident, which is believed to have taken place at around 5pm on Tuesday, has been revealed as 21-year-old Kyle McCullough.
22662	The man is also accused of mounting a curb in an attempt to "box in" the three juvenile occupants of the stolen Hyundai after the accident.
22663	The Manitoba premier had a 32 per cent approval rating.
22664	The Manson makeup could be removed in about 40 minutes (“If we rush it, it will hurt the actor’s skin,” Hiro explains), but it took about four hours to apply.
22665	The man was an adviser, mentor, leader, role model and developer.
22666	The man was a well-respected citizen so they took his word for it.
22667	The man was taken to a local hospital where medical personnel found bullet fragments in his head.
22668	The man was warded at the Sarawak General Hospital (SGH) here for a backache on Aug 26.
22669	The man went to his balcony to complain to the group and a dispute erupted before he reached for his single-barrel hunting rifle, the Investigative Committee said.
22670	The marathon and race walking events will remain in the northern city of Sapporo after being controversially moved out of Tokyo because of the anticipated scorching summer heat.
22671	The margin in the Senate is closer; it’s possible that the GOP could gain a seat or two.
22672	The Marines at Recruiting Sub-Station Westminster understand that the road to becoming a Marine starts the second after taking the Oath of Enlistment.
22673	The Markaz attendees included three women and all of them are from Belagavi.
22674	The marketplace is open daily from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m.
22675	The market price of iStar stock is possibly the biggest disconnect between value and price across REITs.
22676	The Mark O. Hatfield federal courthouse in downtown Portland has in recent weeks become a nightly battleground, with rioters clashing with federal officers.
22677	The mask project, initiated by Matron Avril Maltman and Ron Smith Care Centre Sister Leanie Bessinger, was communicated to residents in all the villages by Sue and Rand Aid’s other social workers.
22678	The Mason City retiree’s volunteer job for the campaign will be to get her to 15% on caucus night.
22679	“The Mass you may attend in the weeks ahead will look and feel quite different from the Mass you remember from two months ago.
22680	The Masters 2020: five-way tie at the top on day three – live!
22681	The match against Eibar will be Real’s first La Liga game at the 6,000 capacity Alfredo di Stefano stadium, a move away from the Santiago Bernabeu in order to accelerate renovation works on their iconic home.
22682	The match from Group B of the UEFA Europa League is scheduled to be played on Thursday, kicking off at 6.55pm.
22683	The matching bottoms had an extremely high cut, which made her legs look longer and leaner.
22684	The matching thong panties fit tightly around her petite waist and rested high on her curvy hips while accentuating her round booty and lean legs.
22685	The match was taped several days ago, and those in the know who saw it said that it was an incredible contest.
22686	The Mater Misericordiae University Hospital in Dublin, Ireland, has deployed software robots to address this issue.
22687	The Mauritian woman, who is in her late twenties, managed to find a job she could do from home but is only 21 hours a week, which has left her fearful she won’t be able to afford basic necessities.
22688	The Mavericks closed the quarter strong and lead 93-85 going to the fourth.
22689	“The maxim of the law is qui tacet consentire: ‘Who is silent gives consent,’” Colbert said when told of McConnell’s refusal to speak out.
22690	The mayor added that the P3,000 incentive eases the concern of family breadwinners who fear losing their jobs while isolated.
22691	The Mayor of Arlington is Rich Nagel.
22692	The mayor of Soacha, Juan Carlos Saldarriaga, is asking citizens to help neighbours who have hung red cloths from their windows that show they are in immediate need.
22693	The mayor would not elaborate on the nature of the threat or the source of the intelligence that led her to believe there would be a repeat of confrontation between protesters and police that occurred the week before.
22694	The McMurray Métis will edit the interviews and put them up on its virtual museum.
22695	The MD’s representative, in his brief address during the memorial service, reflected back when Vilakati joined the company in April 1990.
22696	The meals to children included: 1,346 Public School meals and Parkhurst Meals (Friday only) at recreation centers; 1,540 meals at Salvation Army locations in Homewood and Westside; and, 150 donated meals Distributed in Beechview.
22697	The meals will be prepared in the cooks’ homes and delivered by another charity, StreetGames, which runs the Fit And Fed campaign that aims to provide nutritious meals for children at risk of going hungry during the school holidays.
22698	The measure followed years of budget cuts that slashed billions from schools, libraries and services for the disabled after the Great Recession ravaged the economy and government budgets.
22699	The measure is intended to preserve personal protective equipment and “to utilize hospital staffing, equipment, and bed capacity” for the transition to the COVID-19 emergency.
22700	The measurement technique used by de Groote and his colleagues, known as collinear resonance ionization spectroscopy, is a highly efficient and precise tool for measuring shifts in energy in atoms.
22701	The measures included the closure of bars and restaurants, limits on social contacts and bans on concerts and other public events.
22702	The meaure has been taken by the Foreign Office seeing the plight of stranded tourists and the ban on flights that is set to remain at least till April 30.
22703	The mechanism in that case was largely remittances — money sent home by family members living and working elsewhere.
22704	The media is not the judge and jury about what is right or wrong with America.
22705	The median price of an existing home is nearly 15% higher than last year.
22706	The media personality pointed out.
22707	The Medical Costs Finder website provides a range of three levels of expected out-of-pocket costs – “low”, “typical/median” or “high” – for listed medical procedures in a patient’s city or region.
22708	The medical examiner in Roanoke identified the remains as Valentine, and says preliminary autopsy results do not suggest foul play or homicide.
22709	The medical examiner says West died of injuries suffered in the Thursday night fire in the northwestern Minneapolis suburb.
22710	The medical school offers lectures in Spanish language and English language.
22711	The meeting brought together entrepreneurs, scientists, corporate and political leaders in Davos under the topic 'Globalization 4.0' from 22 to 25 January 2019.
22712	The meeting is from Come join to find out why this program, with its emphasis on the highest quality instruction, delivered in a face-to-face format works best to help you achieve your goals in the field of Social Work.
22713	The meeting is set for Saturday, February 22, at O’Lunney’s Pub and Restaurant, 145 West 45th Street.
22714	The meeting, made known by the Information Minister, Kojo Oppong-Nkrumah, is to assess the impact made so far by the COVID-19 pandemic on the country’s economy.
22715	The meeting of the bloc’s leaders — which included Marine le Pen from France, Matteo Salvini from Italy and Geert Wilders from the Netherlands — took place shortly after the inauguration of US President Donald Trump.
22716	The meeting on 20 November allowed the City to engage with community members and stakeholders on various draft policies.
22717	The meeting was held at the Rockingham County Schools Central Offices with some Staff and Board members participating remotely via Zoom.
22718	The meeting was to be followed by a public forum where Chicago's 50 aldermen and Police Superintendent David Brown were invited.
22719	The “MEGATRON” rapper shared the PDA moment to her Instagram on Jan.
22720	The Member for Serrekunda said the Constitution and Standing Orders among others have no expressed provisions as to the motion he wished to make.
22721	The memo details declining inmate population at the YDP.
22722	The memorial was constructed and unveiled during the 37th year since his tragic passing.
22723	“The men and women of the 84th TES continue to push the bounds of Developmental and Operational Test and Evaluation, advancing USAF and DoD (Department of Defense) objectives in leaps and bounds across the multi-domain warfighting spectrum,” said Probst.
22724	The men were all hospitalized in fair condition at Mount Sinai Hospital, police said.
22725	The message is available at https://www.
22726	The message to New Yorkers?
22727	The message Trump gives is that if these people who defrauded or bribed others were given too harsh of a sentence, the crime must not be so bad.
22728	The messaging continued throughout the set with an installation that illuminated the catwalk with phrases such as “When women strike the world stops”.
22729	The messaging has already begun.
22730	The method has to be more rigorously tested.
22731	The Met is both the world’s grandest classical music organization and Nezet-Seguin’s “other” ensemble.
22732	The MHRA received the data from Pfizer and BioNTech – likely to run to thousands of pages – on 23 November.
22733	The Michigan and Greenways Alliance will act as fiduciary, ensuring that all monies raised for specific projects will go directly to those projects.
22734	The Middleton family had once lived in Amman, Jordan, where the photograph had been taken, probably by Carole.
22735	The Midrand Pikitup depot will be closed until 22 June.
22736	The mid-year meeting of the Montana Stockgrowers Association will be held next Thursday through Thursday at the Northern Hotel in Billings with some changes made due to COVID-19.
22737	The militia appears to have halted raids inside Uganda and its recruits today are of various nationalities.
22738	“The millions of dollars in lost revenue due to the COVID-19 pandemic cannot be backfilled by federal funding.
22739	The millions who stayed up late for the results on Tuesday night (Nov. 3) were left disappointed, as votes were counted well into the small hours of Wednesday morning.
22740	The mind reels, and it reminds me of an old quote of Madonna’s: “Crucifixes are sexy because there’s a naked man on them.”
22741	The miner approved a dividend of 165 cents per share, up from 95 cents in 2018.
22742	The minimum price of beer sold at grocery stores and dépanneurs will rise on April 1, based on 2019 consumer price index data.
22743	The Minister added that the sites were remediated by the Hydrocarbon Pollution Remediation Project (HYPREP), under the Federal Ministry of Environment, mandated to carry out the clean-up of Ogoni communities.
22744	The Minister of Roads and Highways Kwasi Amoako Atta has hinted the much-awaited Suame and Oforikrom interchange projects will commence in the second term of President Akufo-Addo government if he is re-elected.
22745	The Minister said that barriers to trade in the textile trade of the two countries will be resolved through mutual discussion.
22746	The ministry also confirms three deaths and 20 recoveries in the past 24 hours.
22747	The ministry has also ordered anyone who was in close proximity to one of the infected Israelis to home quarantine for 14 days, as well as anyone who recently returned from China, Hong Kong, Thailand, Singapore, Macau, South Korea, Japan or Italy.
22748	The ministry, however, disclosed that the cases climbed to 232, sequel to the confirmation of 12 fresh infections out of the 180 samples tested on Aug. 22.
22749	The Ministry is now in the process of reviewing submissions for the scholarships, which will see the six persons pursuing training in areas such as physical planning, engineering and architecture.
22750	The Ministry of Defence (MINDEF) said the construction of SAFTI City was suspended during the “circuit breaker” and will be delayed by six to nine months, with expected completion pushed from 2023 to 2024.
22751	The Ministry of Defence said the T-shirts were provided by a company which “unfortunately misspelled the regimental name”.
22752	The Ministry of Health has trained more than 350 health care workers in the 10 states and four prioritized COVID-19 locations for the past weeks to establish optimal capacities for effective COVID-19 patients care.
22753	The Ministry of Health is working in collaboration with a number of agencies including the Office of the Privacy Commissioner and the Government’s own Chief Digital Officer to progress this work," said David Clark.
22754	The Ministry of Interior announced the suspension of all international flights for travellers entering and leaving the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (except in exceptional cases).
22755	The Ministry of Labour and Employment spokesman, Charles Akpan, made it known to newsmen that the dialogue with the ASUU leaders would hold at the minister’s conference hall.
22756	The ministry said because the case was first reported in China, it is officially a case in China, not New Zealand.
22757	The ministry said it has been started as a “citizen friendly proactive service delivery measure” for valid passport holders.
22758	The ministry said it will prescribe lower and upper limit on air fares and airlines will have to adhere to it “during the period of COVID-19 pandemic”.
22759	The ministry said the inmate was both sentenced and remanded on other charges.
22760	The ministry told the committee that the government has held several meetings with various stakeholders and they have identified interventions to minimise and avert job losses.
22761	The Minnesota Finlandia organization took it over in the early 1990s.
22762	The Minnesota State High School League (MSHSL) announced Friday that it will be canceling both its girls and boys basketball tournaments due to coronavirus concerns, Mike Max reports (2:28).
22763	The Minnesota The Health Department warned consumers not to eat ALDI Little Salad Bar brand Garden Salad or Hy-Vee brand Garden Salad.
22764	The minutes of the November 5, 2020 Regular Meeting were approved.
22765	"The minute we start balkanizing the funds, it reduces the effectiveness of it."
22766	The Mission also distanced itself from PM’s comments.
22767	The mission is temporary, and is expected to last approximately a week."
22768	The mission was accomplished seven months later in October.
22769	The Mississippi County Health Department reports 130 new positive cases in the last week, along with two additional deaths, giving the county 10 deaths since the pandemic began.
22770	The Mississippi Office of the State Auditor has already recovered the full amount of the demand issued to Wyatt when he was arrested and returned it to Jones County taxpayers.
22771	The mistakes Pederson and Roseman have made since that Minnesota evening Feb. 4, 2017 have been numerous and onerous.
22772	The “mitigation efforts” are being taken after three consecutive days of a positivity rate 8 percent or higher, according to the governor’s office.
22773	The mix will change to rain as warmer air arrives by Thursday afternoon.
22774	The mobile locate, literally saved his life."
22775	The mobile was traced to two locations, one near Bondzie’s home address in Poplar Road, and the second in London, near an address he stayed at when visiting family.
22776	The mob left dozens of police officers wounded and made the city less safe for the law-abiding citizens who have fewer cops to defend them.
22777	The mocha flavour includes Cadbury 'Old Gold' chocolate chips.
22778	The model appeared a little damp, possibly from a swim, and her right leg was glowing in the light.
22779	The model’s matching bikini bottoms were even more risque, though her audience hardly seemed bothered by the NSFW scene.
22780	The models will give live video tutorials as the users can watch it and chop their locks like a pro!
22781	The model wore her long, blond locks down and waved in addition to a flawless application of makeup that included eyeliner, mascara, blush, highlighter, and lipstick.
22782	The modified hours come as US and local officials take extra steps to stop the spread of the virus in the United States.
22783	The mod includes Djarin's body, helmet, cape and jetpack modifications.
22784	The molecular biology research of conifers became possible after the spruce genome sequencing was published in 2013.
22785	The MOMAN chairman said marketers can now decide where to make their profits from the various allowed margins such as transportation margin, dealers’ margin and marketers’ margin.
22786	The moment one UPND cadre sent me the propaganda material I knew right away that the testosterone levels in UPND camp we talked about are already rising to unprecedented levels.
22787	The money, distributed by the Department of Commerce, will go to tenants who earn less than 50% of the area median income, have missed at least one rental payment since March and match other indicators of housing insecurity.
22788	"The money has been delivered and has already been put to good use for some of them," he added.
22789	The money is expected to come mainly in the form of grants for countries hardest hit by the pandemic, such as debt-laden Italy and Spain.
22790	The Money Tree scatter “cascades” and awards up to 15 free spins.
22791	‘The money was not floating in the water for a year, otherwise we would have seen diatoms from the full range of the year.
22792	The money was not received in bulk, it was received in tranches of not more than $10,000 dollars and not more than £5,000.
22793	The monster of the week, in this case, is a baffling group of masked vampires who harvest kids.
22794	The Montana Democratic Party said in a statement after the election that “Democrats will always champion working families” and vowed to “never stop working to get the right things done for all Montanans.”
22795	The month-long shoot was especially tough.
22796	The Montreal-based company said it had a loss of 40 cents per share.
22797	The monumental feeding effort, under which 270 meals per day are prepared, takes place at the Arcata House partnership (AHP) Annex, located across from the Intermodal Transit Facility, which also hosts one of the campgrounds.
22798	The monumental stunt was performed to simulate the forces that erupt as a result of high-speed accidents that can't be replicated in conventional crash-test laboratories.
22799	The monument faced east and was cleaned that year at the expense of Troup County.
22800	The mood outside the arena was like a subdued game day, but inside it had the reverence of a church with Alicia Keys’ music.
22801	The moon considered the proving ground for the ultimate destination Mars is where it's at these days.
22802	“The more chaos and anarchy and vandalism and violence reigns, the better it is for the very clear choice on who’s best on public safety and law and order,” Conway said.
22803	The more confined the space, the more concentration of the virus there can be.
22804	The more fuel, the more intense the fire, the harder it becomes to suppress the fire.”
22805	The "more fulfilling user experience" would appeal to a wider and more time poor demographic, the council paper says.
22806	The more time goes by, the more ominous the Powell Memorandum becomes with its prescription for preventing revolution by controlling the media and manipulating truth.
22807	The more we know about the coronavirus — that it’s airborne, that it can in enclosed, poorly ventilated spaces — the more New Yorkers have embraced the outdoors, any way possible.
22808	The more women in fantasy, the better.
22809	“The more you leave undiagnosed and untreated, the more you will have next year and the year after,” said Dr. Lucica Ditiu, who heads the Stop TB Partnership, an international consortium of 1,700 groups fighting the disease.
22810	The morning after in New Orleans’ French Quarter, the wind was blowing lightly as a few people walked to work and some residents swept leaves in front of their houses.
22811	The mortality rate differs between countries depending on the success of social distancing measures and how well healthcare systems hold up under increased strain.
22812	“The mortal remains of the bravehearts were taken for last rites to their native places, where they would be laid to rest with full military honours.
22813	The most enigmatic character is the Narrator, who primarily plays a disembodied voice discussing the major events in the series.
22814	The most important difference is that one species reproduces in the Baltic shallows, while the other undertakes a long journey to the island of Bornholm.
22815	The most important thing is to get the flooring right, and we recommend a commercial-grade foam surface to maximise shock absorption and minimise sound.
22816	The most important view is the window above the kitchen sink, since, if your life is like ours, it is where you will spend a lot of time each day.
22817	The most prominent criticism of our coverage has come from Marian Sheridan, co-founder of the Michigan Conservative Coalition (MCC), which organized that day’s protests.
22818	The most recent financial quarter was the first time the brand hadn’t lost shelf space in a major U.S. retailer in five years, Nabi said.
22819	The most recent recipients of donations from Friends.giving are flood victims in Northeast India.
22820	The most sought after component of Revix’s is their ‘invest and leave it’ functionality.
22821	The most visible fallout from was both the concept that the Carnage symbiote truly remained inextricably linked to Cletus Kasady while also introducing the possibility of peace between Spider-Man and Venom after years of mutual antagonism.
22822	The most vulnerable markets could be those where home price gains have far outstripped wage gains and where there is still land available to build on.
22823	The Motet fuses boisterous badass funk and swaggering soul with a thought-provoking inventiveness to create something truly unique.
22824	The mother added that she hoped 'we get some justice now' as she revealed Ms Belshaw had planned to open her own beauty shop.
22825	The mother of three said her only son was like her best friend and she shared everything with him.
22826	The mother of two boys has lived and worked in Randburg and surrounds for the past nine years.
22827	The mother of two who was reacting to claims that she is teaching her followers how to be promiscuous noted that she is rather educating her followers on sex and productive lifestyle.
22828	The mother’s disappearance presented a huge problem since the kittens were too young to take milk from a bottle.
22829	The motion passed six to one in 2019 and when his bid to fly the pride flag was unanimously approved this year, Ratushniak saw it as a sign that La Ronge is ready for change.
22830	"The motivation for the offending seems to be nothing more than greed."
22831	The mottled, peeling strips of bark, the tapered leaves, the proud trunks standing tall — there is no doubt that the eucalyptus is a magnificent tree.
22832	The MOU is part of Parks Canada's open doors program, which is in effect until March 31, 2026.
22833	The mountain community thanks B&F and all of its employees for their commitment.
22834	The mounting evidence undercutting this narrative should have stopped the investigation early in its tracks.
22835	The Mount Rushmore National Memorial in contains roughly 1,200 acres of forest.
22836	The move by Facebook, which says a private company shouldn't decide how campaigns are able to reach potential voters, is at odds with how other tech firms are approaching political ads leading up to the 2020 election.
22837	The move came after undrafted rookie got the call for first-team reps in practice.
22838	The move came as a shock to many fans considering they are known for sharing to each other on a regular basis and it has some questioning if their romance is on the rocks or done completely.
22839	The move came as Turkey and several European countries including France, Germany, Italy and Austria announced a suspension of flights from the UK amid news of the strain.
22840	The move comes after the United States put a similar ban in place in 2015, and the SFA are set to emerge as the first European country to impose such a restriction.
22841	The move higher moved up to retest the 200 hour MA and 50% retracement currently between 1.17351 and 1.17409.
22842	The move is in response to the call of the public to delay the payment of monthly telephone bills because of the community quarantine imposed by the government brought about by the Covid-19 contagion.
22843	The movement feels big, but you feel small.
22844	The movement stresses the importance of autonomy, meaningful activities, and close social interactions—all things that make anybody’s life, no matter their age, worth living.
22845	The move won't mean a ban on a family of more than two people from going for a walk.
22846	The movie earned an Oscar nomination for Best Picture and Best Director and won for Best Cinematography.
22847	The movie finds a young Sonic (Ben Schwartz), a hedgehog-like creature with the gift of super speed, living with his caretaker Longclaw.
22848	The movie is a remake of Disney’s 1998 classic of the same name, and is based on the legend of Hua Mulan – a heroic woman from Chinese literature dating back to the 5th century AD.
22849	The movie’s story covers moments from Mank’s life from 1930 up through early 1940, and it’s important to know that in 1930 Mank was one of the highest-paid Hollywood screenwriters in the world.
22850	The movies were really popular in the early 2000s for some reason.
22851	The movie took a deep dive into what greed and wealth can do to people.
22852	The movie was scheduled to be released through the Indian Tamil film industry, with Vijay Sethupathi as the protagonist.
22853	The MP arrived at the station at around 8am, wearing a heavy red-hooded jacket, black cap and blue jeans and was kept waiting outside the station for roughly 25 minutes, according to live footage streamed on his Facebook account.
22854	The MP who met PMI was Labour’s Kevin Barron, now retired, who has an exemplary record in combating smoking and is credited with getting the bill that banned smoking in public places through parliament.
22855	The MTA saw a 76 percent jump in overnight bus ridership for the first early morning closure, with some 14,500 people traveling on buses at no cost between 1 a.m. and 5 a.m.
22856	The Mt Poso plant also provides steam when needed to the nearby oil extraction operations that aids in additional oil production in Kern County.
22857	The much-lauded Swiss quality of life has a dark side - namely levels of consumerism and convenience that jack up the national carbon footprint.
22858	The much-travelled Lucescu also later coached Pirlo at Inter Milan in 1998.
22859	The multinational tech company Microsoft is starting to roll out its new Edge browser through Windows Update.
22860	The Mumbai police have been investigating the matter and so far, they have interrogated Sushant's girlfriend Rhea Chakraborty, his ex-girlfriend Ankita Lokhande and others.
22861	The murder of Aurora resembles the comic's Slasherman kills of dismemberment, but he never stitches anyone together, nor does he slaughter an entire family.
22862	The music for the final set of worlds, it’s ominous but hopeful, mysterious but intimate.
22863	The Muskie does not go after live bait, yet can be enticed with Lake Lures.
22864	"Them: Well, you’re a writer, that’s just what you need."
22865	The NAACP is organizing supporters all across the country to fight for policies that respect and improve our communities.
22866	Then add the stock and cook for 2-5 mins or until the sauce is glossy and thickened.
22867	Then after seeing the smile on my face, they’d make their way home to place their palms behind their Crucifix as a way of showing our Lord that they are willing, with Hosannas of praise, to hail Him as King and walk the Way of the Cross with Him.
22868	Then again, if 'Amazon Women in the Mood' didn't teach him that lesson, nothing will.
22869	Then, all focus would turn to the last port of entry, the wild card.
22870	The namaste has become the choice of greeting amid social distancing which Indians seem to think means we are becoming world leaders.
22871	The name came from Levon Helm, drummer for the classic rock group, The Band.
22872	The name Winston, after Winston Churchill, a hero of the Prime Minister's.
22873	Then an unprecedented deal with McDonald’s instantly made the Cactus Jack Records founder a corporate superstar too.
22874	“The narrative that these anarchists are marching for justice of Black lives is frankly false,” said Robinson, who is Black.
22875	The narrator careens through various historical tableaux, as though bouncing around inside a themed pinball machine.
22876	Then, as a director, you're low key like a psychologist.
22877	The NASCAR championship was in clear reach when Denny Hamlin made his final pit stop in last year’s title-deciding finale.
22878	The Nashville, Tenn., resident also announced to the US Sun that she hopes to score an exotic dancing gig as soon as she hustles up her state stripper’s license, which is reportedly quite difficult to obtain.
22879	The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) made a groundbreaking announcement this week when its top researchers reported the presence of water molecules on the lunar surface.
22880	The National Basketball Association is already thinking about how it can rescue its season, and a revised tournament in Las Vegas leading to the finals could be the answer, assuming it’s safe to start playing again.
22881	The national day celebrations on 20 August, including the traditional annual fireworks have been cancelled due to epidemiological concerns, the prime minister’s office announced on Thursday (18 July).
22882	The National Health Commission said 769 new cases were confirmed in the 24 hours through midnight Sunday.
22883	The National Herald: What are your thoughts about the coronavirus pandemic?
22884	The National Park Service, which has cared for the White House grounds since 1933, supports the project with private donations.
22885	The National Policy on Education that makes the first nine years of education compulsory and free is unworkable and a disservice to education.
22886	The national president of Nigerian Political Science Association, NPSA, Prof. Aloysius-Michael Okolie, has said that the agitations by the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, for secession is built on a faulty foundation.
22887	The national referral hospital saw hardly any patient for some days.
22888	The National Security Minister touched on Sanitation and Haphazard development bedeviling the Metropolitan, Municipal and District Assemblies.
22889	The National Social Security and Welfare Corporation (NASSCORP) Diagnostic Center Jamale announced the suspension of its services few days ago after five health workers there tested positive of the virus.
22890	The National Weather Service received reports of fallen trees near Island Lake, Bayfield and Ashland.
22891	The nation commenced Unlock 2.0 Tuesday.
22892	The nation is seeking to improve genetics and boost productivity, according to Bloomberg News, by flying in more than 15,000 hogs so far this year.
22893	The nation’s continued failure to bring the virus to heel among this vulnerable population is both a public health catastrophe and a moral one.
22894	The NATO military alliance has helped the two countries set up a system to avoid armed clashes, including a communications hotline, and talks are continuing to broaden the safeguard system.
22895	“The natural acoustics of the narrow street bring the music to my neighbors.”
22896	The naturally durable materials used to produce this plaque ensure that your present will delight and inspire your loved person for a very long time.
22897	The nature of Getty's death is still not yet clear, with an autopsy yet to take place, but foul play is not suspected.
22898	The naughty bear started by blocking the doorway but soon changed his strategy to follow the worker around.
22899	The Navajo Nation had more than 1,500 COVID-19 cases and 58 deaths as of Friday.
22900	The Navajo Nation, which includes parts of Arizona, New Mexico and Utah, has been hit hard by the coronavirus outbreak.
22901	The navigation app will now include cycling directions, which suggest the quietest or fastest routes for cyclists, along with warnings about the incline of cycling trips.
22902	The Navy has been central to those policies, with the US increasing its military presence near China’s shores.
22903	The navy has how many vessels it seeks to purchase nor has it publicly released technical requirements for the ship.
22904	The NBA restart is underway, and Colin Cowherd ranks the best duos amongst the teams playing out the season in the Orlando Bubble.
22905	The NCAA’s “rainy day” fund isn’t what it should be, which is why you can bet that they aren’t going without their biggest moneymaker – the tournament – in consecutive years.
22906	Then comes Walkertown at 5-6 and Atkins at 5-7.
22907	Then compare that to photos at the end.
22908	The NDC candidate who was also listening to the programme called in and explained that she never said former John Mahama did nothing to improve Effia-Nkwanta and other hospitals in the region.
22909	The nearest supports are ₹530 and ₹500, which can be the potential targets.
22910	The nearly eight-and-a-half minute video by the JerryRigEverything channel begins with the infamous scratch test in which the narrator Zack Nelson tested the display protection of the Samsung Galaxy S20 Ultra.
22911	The need for a change of pace to deliver on this commitment does now seem to be recognised.
22912	The need for any business to transform has become urgently necessary, more especially with the abrupt and unexpected emergence of the ‘new normal.’
22913	“The negative news is really taking over.”
22914	The Negro Leagues consisted of seven leagues, and MLB will include records from those circuits between 1920-48.
22915	The Nelson Mandela Bay municipality relocated the elderly and disabled people from densely populated shacks into 10 temporary housing structures as part of its Covid-19 de-densification programme.
22916	The Nen system is ingeniously constructed such that its strength is qualitative rather than quantitative.
22917	The Nest Hello even offers facial recognition for a premium subscription.
22918	The Netflix movie “Don’t Look Up,”directed by Adam McKay, is set to begin shooting in Boston with its all-star cast Nov. 19.
22919	The Nets are deep on guards, but Martin showed defensive acumen in the bubble — and some offensive potential.
22920	The network created a safe space for many on the right, but in the wake of the election, the anxieties of its audience has turned against them.
22921	The network equipment provider reported $0.76 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.06.
22922	The network has yet to release a statement regarding the recent positive case.
22923	“The NEU seem more concerned about closing schools than keeping children learning.
22924	The new administration has several issues on its agenda that are more important than repealing the TCJA of 2017 or making sweeping changes to the tax code.
22925	The new ban goes further by including a ban on “fossil fuel companies (i.e., companies whose primary business is the extraction, processing, distribution or sale of oil, gas or coal), their executives, or from PACs organized by them.”
22926	The new bridge will have six dedicated lanes as well as safety lanes on the side.
22927	The new broadcast deal is a collaboration between the New Zealand Sport Collective (created by former Olympic rowing champion Rob Waddell and representing more than 50 sports) and Sky Sport Next, a YouTube channel run by Sky TV.
22928	The new cases are in Kigali (47) from contacts of positive cases, Rusizi (21) testing in high risk groups, Gisagara (4), Rubavu (3), and Huye (1); heightened vigilance is required everywhere.
22929	The new comes as Crump signed today with UTA which will rep him across TV, podcasting, film and speaking opportunities.
22930	The new coronavirus is wreaking havoc on the sporting world across the globe.
22931	The new Dark Carnage soon began terrorizing Eddie and his son Dylan, as well as preparing for Knull's return in full.
22932	The new dean of the faculty, Ivan Kotuliak, thus surprised many when he gave her an immediate notice on January 9. He justified this with anonymous reports about suspicions regarding taxes under Bieliková.
22933	The new Drive widget will help users access files they are most likely to need.
22934	The New England receiver featured himself and Cam Newton in a Justice League-themed post.
22935	The new improvements include a new emergency room entrance, a 23-bed observation unit and an in-patient psychiatric unit.
22936	The New Jersey initiative, which Mr. Murphy’s aides believe is the first state effort of its kind, would cost an estimated $80 million a year and would require legislative approval.
22937	The New Jersey native is less known for a particular scheme or philosophy than for playing uptempo and striving to get the ball to his team’s playmakers.
22938	The new law also says that no pupil shall be excluded from school for non-payment of school fees.
22939	The newly recognized MLS side are understood to have offered the Chelsea winger whose contract expires at the end of the season a lucrative deal.
22940	The newly released texts show that Parnas was working last spring to set up calls for Harvey with the Ukrainian prosecutors who were feeding Giuliani information about Biden.
22941	The Newmarket trainer is spoilt for riches with his three-year-old fillies and the team will have a good handle on just how good this horse is.
22942	The new measurement and more strict grading requirements resulted in lower scores for several counties.
22943	The new Motorola home theatre systems come with multiple speakers and have Bluetooth support.
22944	“The new patients, all returnees from other states, were placed under institutional quarantine.
22945	The news agency did so after results from AP VoteCast and an analysis of early voting statistics confirmed expectations the state’s longstanding political trends in favor of Democratic presidential candidates will hold.
22946	The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that a seven-man Ministerial Task Force visited the state on Monday to assess its level of response to the pandemic.
22947	The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that earlier in the day, Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, had inaugurated the panel at the State House, Marina, Lagos.
22948	The new scheme sees diners get 50 per cent off meals and non-alcoholic drinks, up to £10 a head, in restaurants, cafes and pubs throughout August.
22949	The news comes as Jamaica began to record a significant spike in its COVID-19 cases this week.
22950	The new sculpture of Mary Wollstonecraft by Maggi Hambling in Newington Green, North London.
22951	The new season is set to feature Brown surprising Weber and stating that there is still something between them.
22952	The new short film basically puts the focal point on Olaf in the middle of Elsa’s song, and then watches as he slowly becomes self-aware and has a bit of an identity crisis in the most Olaf way possible.
22953	The new space toilet that NASA is sending, called the Universal Waste Management System (UWMS), will be smaller, more comfortable and support a larger crew as NASA's Commercial Crew Program sends more astronauts to the station.
22954	The newspaper claims that President Trump made $427.4m in 2018 in revenues from The Apprentice US series, as well as from branding deals where organisations paid to use his name.
22955	The new staff is trying to keep the edginess that defined the site for the past decade, but they missed the mark with a headline and copy in a story Sunday morning.
22956	The new standard resulted in two of China's biggest cities, Beijing and Shanghai, dropping down the rankings by more than ten places each due to their poor air and water quality.
22957	“The new start times for the 2020 Boston Marathon will help all athletes,” said Lelisa Desisa, two-time Boston Marathon champion and reigning world champion.
22958	The news was reportedly first broken by Fox news and shortly thereafter, posted by the LA Times.
22959	The new system is still in its infancy, but during a trial run in 2019, the number of deferments and no shows for Senior NCOA and Chiefs’ Leadership Course decreased by 85 percent.
22960	The new trend that has emerged is of getting experienced people at a lesser cost, which puts the fresher against stiff competition.
22961	The New York Times’ morning email newsletter is getting an official “host and anchor”
22962	The New York Times, on January 7, had posted this story on page 13: "China Grapples With Mystery Pneumonia-Like Illness."
22963	The New York Times reported that the opioid epidemic was so catastrophic that the drug had decreased the life expectancy in the country.
22964	The New Zealand government is rightly taking radical action to eradicate it from our nation and support people through these hard times, even as many of us worry about our health and our jobs.
22965	The next conference is scheduled to take place in 2022.
22966	The next day, she was taken to the National Centre for Infectious Diseases, where her test returned positive for COVID-19 infection, said MOH.
22967	“The next day, when we questioned her again, she admitted that she was ‘complicit’ in ‘compounding the deception’ and that ‘it would not be fair to Sloane’ to blame her alone for deceiving The Atlantic.
22968	The NextGen Bus Plan is intended to increase ridership primarily by slashing wait and travel times on Metro's most-used lines.
22969	The next over-the-air update will purportedly improve performance by “making it faster to access your info and start your apps.”
22970	The next phase, he said, will be to help fill food pantries in northern Utah.
22971	The next questioner asked about potential rent reductions for Port of Edmonds tenants, specifically those in Harbor Square.
22972	The next seven years are the most critical ever in the history of humanity.
22973	The next Ski House event will be in Frisco, Colorado, on February 9, where they’ll be dancing the night away with Walker and Royce.
22974	“The next step could be the digital show.”
22975	The next step is to use the to turn on messaging and calling.
22976	The next talks are set for Saturday.
22977	The next target in Impossible Foods’ quest to eliminate the use of animals as a human food source is pork, and it’s coming soon to Burger King, although not one near you.
22978	The next thing she heard was her husband screaming, "NO," followed by loud bangs.
22979	The next version of 'From To' is set to roll out at some point next week with over a dozen Vancouver restaurants on board.
22980	The NFL instituted a rule allowing for players to come up from the practice squad on a temporary basis as replacements for active squad players who are on the reserve/COVID-19 list and the Ravens are making full use of it this week.
22981	The NFL Network’s Ian Rapoport reported in early May Newton would be open to being a backup signal-caller if it was in the right situation, of course.
22982	The NFL Players Association has not been willing to do it.
22983	The NFL season has seen most teams playing 8 games, so its time for a mid-season review of the New York football Giants.
22984	Then go out for lunch.
22985	Then he goes on TV, even now, and says how he abides by the Constitution, and that he is transparent in whatever he does.
22986	Then he grew big in size and increased his tail to such an extent and wound it up from the surface to a bigger height than Ravana and sat on it making fun of Ravana.
22987	Then, he shows the full body movements before topping it off with the signature hand movements in Bhangra.
22988	The NHL tweeted his speech with the caption: “When an issue is bigger than the game, we must speak out.
22989	The NHS Covid-19 app sends the user an alert if they've been in close contact with other app users who have reported they have symptoms.
22990	The NHS has reassured people that the majority of tasks can be undertaken while practising safe social distancing and that volunteers will receive guidance through a “getting started pack”.
22991	The Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, has placed some members of staff on mandatory leave with full benefits, pending the conclusion and outcome of the on-going forensic audit.
22992	The Nigeria Basketball Federation has received with shock the death of referee Razak Okedeyi whose sad demise occurred on Thursday, 23rd, July, 2019.
22993	The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has announced an additional 180 new cases of the Coronavirus (COVID19) infections in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 63,508.
22994	The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has reported new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country.
22995	The Nigerian Medical Association has urged the federal government to direct, through the Presidential Task Force (PTF), an investigation into the coronavirus-free status of Kogi and Cross Rivers States.
22996	The Niger State Government on Tuesday announced ban on night travels from 6pm to 7am as part of measures to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus in the state.
22997	The nightlife entrepreneur also advised women to take charge of their homes during this lockdown period.
22998	Then, I’ll take that tour.”
22999	Then, in 2017, what had been Hurricane Harvey did virtually the same thing.
23000	The Niners are +333 to win it all and -120 to win the NFC.
23001	The nineties and the later tenure of the UPA government, saw an unstable era of coalitions and the electorate certainly has shown his dislike of that sort of governance.
23002	Then, in his own unusual move, District Court Judge Emmet Sullivan, who is the trial-level judge on the Flynn case, refused to immediately grant the motion to drop charges.
23003	Then in October, Vallow married Daybell whose wife, Tammy Daybell, had died only two weeks earlier.
23004	Then in September, Habanyama watched via Zoom as Vigon-Campuzano was sentenced to 13 months in jail for the assault on her and the other victim — 6.5 months for each — which again left Habanyama feeling deflated.
23005	Then it began its journey into obscurity, even as McQueen kept trying to find the car for his vast collection.
23006	Then it came up with full fledged budget in September 2019 by cutting down expenditure by over 30%.
23007	Then I thought about others, like children or someone elderly falling like I did, and not being so lucky.”
23008	Then looking at managing fuel loads.
23009	The NMP said an ICP is defined by Article II Section 3 of Republic Act No. 10066 as referring to a cultural property having exceptional cultural, artistic, and historical significance to the Philippines.
23010	Then, Mustard suggested that the fight could be settled in already has a skin in the game.
23011	Then my contract ran out and I couldn’t get extended as part of the cuts that have come to all sectors of the Jewish and nonprofit sector.
23012	The NOAA says humpback whales are popular among whale watchers as they are active on the surface and often jump out and slap the water with their pectoral fins or tails.
23013	“The no-devices rule was one of the items mentioned in the many presentations Schumer gave to the Senate Democratic caucus in their weekly lunches to prepare for the trial, a Senate Democratic aide told CNN.
23014	Then, on April 30, the decision to hide it from the public was made.
23015	Then one day, seemingly out of the blue, the state that we were in suddenly began to feel uncomfortable.
23016	Then, on Friday, Pence's trip to Iowa was delayed because his press secretary, Katie Miller, tested positive for the virus.
23017	Then on Monday, Altuve walked around bare-chested in front of a group of reporters in the clubhouse.
23018	The normally reliable wing is having his worst offensive season since his rookie year.
23019	The normally reserved Woods admitted he was dealing with back problems that began while he was warming up before the second round.
23020	“The norm was at the time, that when you came down for dinner in the evenings you needed a coat and tie.
23021	The North Carolina Department of Insurance and the North Carolina Rate Bureau (NCRB) have reached a settlement for an average 4% increase on a proposal to increase dwelling insurance rates.
23022	The North Corporation has said that the funding was meant for payment of salaries of “safai karamchaaris” and sanitation activities.
23023	The northern half of New Jersey is waking up to a healthy coating of the snow on the ground.
23024	The North Isles are a cohesive group but each has its own personality and needs.
23025	The North-Western Railway cancelled 236 trains since Saturday night, while the Rajasthan Roadways discontinued its bus operations.
23026	The North Yorkshire Police Operational Support Unit assisted with the situation and added: “Needless to say some experienced officers with a bit of wool on their back sorted this pretty quickly.”
23027	“The Notarial Archives are literally over 20,000 glimpses of our past six centuries collected in one place.
23028	Then others also started going to eat at these places, and became familiar with the taste of ordinary south Indian food items like idli,” says Kurush Dalal, Mumbai-based archaeologist and culinary anthropologist.
23029	The “Nothing I Get” hitmaker was surprisingly presented with a Plaque by the Vice President of the Republic of Ghana, Dr Bawumia after performing as the Guest Artiste during the event.
23030	The notion of asking employees to bail out their bosses would not be applied to any other industry.
23031	The novel, the first portion of a duology named The Misadventures of Jonathan Lambshead, started as an expansion of past work.
23032	Then repeat as necessary.
23033	The NRL is yet to provide more information on how gameday and travel measures will apply.
23034	Then she was good to go.
23035	Then something terrible happened.
23036	Then take another look at proposed density.
23037	“Then that awareness needs to move into mental and physiological practice to bring ourselves as close to homeostasis as possible,” back to the body’s normal state of calm.
23038	Then, the figures were very impressive and wooed a lot of foreign direct investments (FDI), while local partners were busy signing MOU with foreign investors here on new hotel projects.
23039	Then the other would air I think late that year, somewhere around the fall.
23040	Then the PA knocks, the wooden planks standing in for proper doors swing open, you pass through a tiny lobby where several characters are dancing, and you’re taken to your color-coded area to be guided through 90 minutes of plays and encounters.
23041	Then there are 10 people with no masks wandering obliviously around talking loudly into their phones (and aspirating all over the place) while infringing on everybody's space.
23042	Then there are initiatives such as Jack Daniel’s Tip Jar that sought to get crowd funding, partnering with Indian Flair Bartenders Association to support staff.
23043	Then, there are policies for individuals too, which majorly cover losses due to Identity theft, phishing emails and other social engineering,” says Lath.
23044	Then there are those who are already on the market when free agency begins at the start of November.
23045	Then there was Saturday evening’s letdown against Minnesota State-Mankato in the semifinals of the Minnesota Cup.
23046	Then there was Tipp FM announcing details of a very exciting new addition to its line-up with Mattie McGrath TD AKA Ice-Tae, starting his own dancing music show.
23047	Then they can beat anyone on their schedule," St. Clair argues.
23048	Then, they can delete it using the file delete path traversal issue, replacing it with one of their choice using SQL-query execution.
23049	Then they tell you what promotions and offers are available for new customers.
23050	The NTSB concluded the crash was caused by a rotor blade fracture.
23051	Then two weekends ago, Rick smelled smoke while he and an employee were loading a trailer on their lot.
23052	The Nuggets have proved themselves to everyone that matters.
23053	The NUL’s Make Black Count campaign, a collaboration with other organizations and religious leaders, has held national phone telebriefings.
23054	The number does not include or those who did not apply for letters of guarantee despite plans to visit Japan.
23055	The number is higher than that issued by Ontario’s Ministry of Health, which on Thursday morning added 16 deaths to its official tally, putting the total number at 53.
23056	The number of active cases in the city has been increasing for the past six consecutive days and it has gone up from 10,823 to 11,594 — the highest in over 25 days.
23057	The number of active cases in the region to date stands at 1110.
23058	The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the Valencia region has nearly doubled in the last two weeks.
23059	The number of county residents hospitalized with the virus has decreased from 244 on Friday to 235, with 90 of them in intensive care, according to the Orange County Health Care Agency.
23060	The number of hectares permitted to irrigate was determined, wells were monitored, flow meters were installed, and the amount of water that could be taken for each authorized plot of land was limited.
23061	The number of illegally built structures by Palestinians in Area C doubled in the past decade to over 60,000, according to figures from Regavim, a group that monitors illegal Palestinian construction.
23062	The number of internet subscribers (both broadband and narrowband put together) stood at 66.53 crore at the end of June 2019 as compared to 25.16 crore in 2014.
23063	The number of known US coronavirus infections has doubled over the past 18 days to more than 1 million.
23064	The number of negative tests in the ACT is now 12,530.
23065	The number of new cases being diagnosed in all regions of England has been falling throughout May, with London now declaring fewer than 100 each day for a fortnight.
23066	The number of new cases has also risen, from 331 on Tuesday.
23067	The number of Tweets that are related to the trends is just one of the factors the algorithm looks at when ranking and determining trends”.
23068	THE number of US servicemen, who have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injuries (TBI) after the Iranian attack on US bases in Iraq, has increased to 64, the Department of Defence said.
23069	“The number of young people who have been inspired, and mobilized to come out and fight against oppression, I am inspired by it and I am cautiously optimistic.”
23070	The number passed the 1,000 milestone on Saturday.
23071	The numbers are different in 2020.
23072	The numbers are disturbing.
23073	“The numbers are just starting to happen, so I’ll take whatever.
23074	Then Union went down 1-2-3 in the seventh.
23075	The nurse nods to us.
23076	The nurse said members of her extended family have died after contracting coronavirus and other relatives have had the disease.
23077	The nurses take the temperature and the officers are on site to ensure that the commuters comply with the health check regulations.
23078	The nurse, whose name wasn’t released in line with German privacy rules, is being investigated on suspicion of three counts of attempted murder, Munich prosecutor Anne Leiding said.
23079	The nursing program, along with many other degrees that require clinical courses conducted in local hospitals, has had to get creative with how they continue these courses now that going to the hospital has become impossible.
23080	Then Valencia thought they had scored as Carlos Soler’s pass to the back post beat both Maxi and his marker Raphael Varane to find Rodrigo, who tapped in.
23081	Then we had the famous elections in November 2000.
23082	Then we hear a siren, ubiquitous in New York these days.
23083	Then you’ll have definitely seen 4K plastered across pretty much every screen or bit of media.
23084	The NYT report that followed two weeks later claimed that “Trump campaign aides had repeated contact with Russian intelligence,” the core accusation of Russiagate.
23085	The NZDUSD is caught up in the risk off trade.
23086	The Oakland coffee roaster Mr. Espresso is giving coffee to food banks, clinics, and shelters.
23087	The Oba Market incident was the fourth in a row of marketplace fire disasters in Benin recently, after the Spare Parts Market at Uwelu, Santana Market and Ekiosa Market.
23088	The objective of each individual MDOC reviewer was to compile a snapshot for the facility to use in determining their next course of action.”
23089	"The observational record suggests that the ongoing 2018–2019 European drought event is unprecedented in the last 250 years, with substanprolongedtial implications for vegetation health," the study said.
23090	The observatory is supported by NASA’s Near-Earth Object Observations Program and has been analyzing asteroids since the mid-’90s.
23091	The obvious and unwelcome result was that seed production by winter annual species likely was a high in 2019 as any spring in recent memory.
23092	The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion.
23093	The occasion was also used to offer free medical screening for the women in the market.
23094	The occupation is about implementing the mov…
23095	The ocean salmon fishery opens May 1 in the Fort Bragg, San Francisco and Monterey areas, and the boat-based groundfish fishery in the Northern and Mendocino management areas open as well.
23096	The Odikro of Kotokuom, Nana Kwaku Boah pledged his total commitment to the efficient management and maintenance of the school block after completion.
23097	The off-campus student had flown to Memphis, Tenn. for the break and returned Tuesday.
23098	The offender watches as they do this to obtain their personal details.
23099	The offer is extended to seniors from the class of 2020 and this year's seniors (2021).
23100	The offer of a reward may imply that the police are now seeking more human intelligence especially since there is no forensic evidence to link any of the suspects to the crime.
23101	The Offer was one of several high-profile projects announced when ViacomCBS revealed they were rebranding the streaming service CBS All Access to Paramount Plus back in September.
23102	The offer will close on September 9 2020.
23103	The office also acts as a resource to the diocesan parishes and schools regarding personnel issues such as rewriting personnel policies and job descriptions as well as assists in establishing uniform policies at each location.
23104	The office of the Chief Electoral Officer of Bihar had sought the help of the state health department to decide on “COVID safety material” for the three phase elections.
23105	The office of the Italian Honorary Consulate is located at Amici House in Little Italy.
23106	“The officer has sustained two bullet injuries and has given us a written statement saying the same took place while he was cleaning the revolver.
23107	The officers are uninjured, police say.
23108	The officers asked Moore why she was under the trailer, and she claimed to look for a cat.
23109	The officers refused to provide answers to office owners along the street directing them to the office of Mayor Koijee, saying that was a direct order issued by him.
23110	"The officers were able to obviously speak with the dog owner as part of their investigation at the time and it didn't appear that there was any injuries to the dog at that time," he said.
23111	'The officer "was also unable to locate the driftwood log in the foreground."
23112	The officer, who was exhibiting symptoms earlier this week while working in the Central Division, marks the third case within the department.
23113	The office was also home to essential equipment.
23114	The official also said the investors were ignoring progress that oil sands companies are making on greenhouse gas emissions, as well as the fact that some oil sands operations are closer to the global average on emissions.
23115	The official commemorative cup of the U.S. Open.
23116	The official didn't mince his words and only stated facts.
23117	"The official (National Hurricane Center) forecast calls for '1 to 3 feet,'" Zarrow wrote on Facebook.
23118	The official's baseless claims were cited by health authorities as an example of the challenges of achieving public participation in protective measures and, in the near future, vaccine distribution.
23119	The officials from the Income Tax and Enforcement Directorate are likely to initiate a probe into the tax evasion and the money laundering aspects involved in gold trade.
23120	The oil and gas rig count, an early indicator of future output, rose five to 266 in the week to Oct. 2, energy services firm Baker Hughes Co said in its closely followed report on Friday.
23121	The oil market’s initial reaction is relatively in line with this outlook.
23122	The Old Age and Guaranteed Income payments will be extended for seniors who have not yet filed their 2019 taxes.
23123	The old-school, wisecracking cops must soon learn to get along with their new elite counterparts if they are to take down the vicious cartel that threatens their lives.
23124	The old solid horn was definitely better but the new helmets are acceptable.
23125	The old store on U.S. Highway 71B in Springdale closed March 21. The new store, with nearly three times the showroom space as the former store, opened March 24. The store also includes an operational woodshop.
23126	The Old Trafford club have employed a scattergun approach through this window by enquiring about a number of players they have scouted to see if anyone would be open to doing business.
23127	The Omani health ministry on Wednesday reported 349 new Covid-19 cases, raising the total number of confirmed cases in the country to 87,939, the official Oman News Agency (ONA) reported.
23128	The Omdia analysts said they did not expect the COVID-19 pandemic to have a meaningful impact on their forecast because of the wide variety of user verticals represented in the total numbers.
23129	The omissions occurred between February 1st, 2020, and April 30th, 2020.
23130	The one-day total for Jan.
23131	The one-hour special ended with Tina Fey telling the audience there were $115 million in donations.
23132	The one-minute clip shows the adorable youngster dribbling towards his toy basketball net, while his dad, towering over it, stands guard.
23133	The one positive is each day will be filled with abundant sunshine.
23134	The One Shot Keto supplement can be a one-shot for many troubles in life.
23135	“The one yesterday was probably the most important.
23136	The ongoing cost has three components.
23137	The online pharmacy will be doing deliveries Friday.
23138	The online shop has a selection of butchery products for home delivery but customers can also purchase beef, pork or lamb packs from the farm which contain roasting joints, burgers, mince and chops or sausages.
23139	The on-loan Manchester United goalkeeper didn’t have a great deal to do during Friday’s 1-0 win against West Ham. Yet Henderson kept his concentration well enough so that he didn’t let his team down when he was called into action.
23140	The only caveat is that, if you buy the physical disc copy for PS4, you will not be able to upgrade it on a PS5 Digital Edition console without a drive (you have to have the digital download version for that).
23141	The only clue was the name of the hospital at the bottom of the printout – Derriford Hospital, in Plymouth.
23142	The only constituency that opposes New START are arms racers who believe that an arms race with Russia is good and easy to win.
23143	The only counties with lower rates per population are Graham and Greenlee, and both of those are vanishingly small by population, like 40,000 and 10,000 versus 300,000.
23144	The only difference in torture and assault techniques are due to their personal preferences."
23145	The only downside is that The Miz isn't the most compelling worker within the ropes.
23146	The only hope available is Booster, who will take Batman Beyond on a trip through time back to "the Gotham of old," during the days when Bruce still wore the cape and cowl of the original Batman.
23147	The only main difference between the flu and COVID-19 is the loss of taste.
23148	The only problem is they didn't want to be around each other; they needed alone time.
23149	The only problem was that they needed some sort of dipping sauce, a chutney perhaps, though a spoonful of yogurt would do quite nicely, too.
23150	The only problem with your take is the fact that Brady wouldn’t have set a 5 touchdown pass record against the Chargers at the age of 43, had he retired after winning Super Bowl LIII.
23151	The only proof of their existence was a faded black-and-white photo embedded in a glass hemisphere, which my mother kept on her bedside table.
23152	The only public place they visited in Albany was Sam's Club on March 12.
23153	The only real discouraging note in this report comes from the manufacturing sector.
23154	The only real oddity - if you could call it that - is the EOS R6's 20-megapixel resolution.
23155	The only reason I am using a VPN is to avoid data breaches.
23156	The only reason I can think of why the conspiracy bullshiat isn't outlawed with the same ferocity that screaming fire in a crowded theater is is that the latter is a slower, yet frequently deadlier, reaction.
23157	The only seemingly clear thing is that the new president(s) will be given, at least in theory, the leash to instill a new attitude throughout the organization.
23158	The only surprise is that he lasted this long under Tepper.
23159	The only thing that could have made us love her more was if she was in more than five episodes.
23160	The only time Donald went to church is when the cameras were there.
23161	The only unpleasant period of his life happened at the end of the 16th century when the plague epidemic broke out again.
23162	The opening of the piazza area at O.R. Tambo will be accompanied by the reopening of selected entrances on the ground level of the terminal buildings.
23163	The openings you need are all present and correct and it’s thin so there’s no interference with wireless charging.
23164	The operation and maintenance work in both the districts has become a Herculean task for the SPDCL.
23165	The operation began when police station became aware of a ‘championship’ that was to take place during the weekend of February 8-9.
23166	The operation was in retaliation against an attack on an Indian army camp in Uri, Kashmir, the same month that 19 soldiers were killed.
23167	The opinion of this writer on bad leadership as the root of Nigeria problem agrees with the assertion of an exemplary literary Genius, Chinua Achebe in his book titled: “The Troubles with Nigeria”.
23168	The opinion on whether or not this hesitancy to share more radical beliefs with those who might disagree was mixed.
23169	The opinion poll was done in 50 out of the 140 assembly constituencies between June 18 and 29.
23170	The opportunity came at the right time, when Sharon's mother could barely afford her school fees, being a sole breadwinner after her father became an alcoholic.
23171	The opposition is literally not allowed to touch the puck.
23172	The optimist is for children and almost 80 % children who win medals start with The Optimist,” says Joe.
23173	The options were A. Le Mans 24 Hours B. Monaco Grand Prix C. Indy 500 or D. Isle Of Man TT.
23174	The orchestra also announced details for other live streaming concerts this fall.
23175	The ordeal is the point.
23176	The order also requires businesses to implement all COVID-19 prevention measures, including screening physical distancing, the use of masks and hand hygiene.
23177	The order does not prevent eviction for other nonpayment reasons.
23178	The order provides exemptions for people working in critical businesses and will remain in effect until April 11.
23179	The orders will freeze at ₹1 and not accept prices below ₹1 (given that MCX crude futures has a minimum price tick of ₹ 1).
23180	The order was located by Trevor Plante, director of an archives textual records division, who, because of current interest in the subject, was asked to search for it.
23181	The Oregon blackberry will be back.
23182	The Oregonian’s John Canzano first reported that the league is exploring creating a bubble for WCC play in Las Vegas, with CBS Sports’ Jon Rothstein reporting on Oct. 25 that a decision would be made in the next two to three weeks.
23183	The organisation helped more than 2800 people in 2018/19.
23184	The organisation initially believed it to be a minke whale or possibly a humpback, but on inspection of photos taken by eyewitnesses, concluded it is a sperm whale.
23185	The organization also asked transit authorities and taxi companies to be prepared to increase services if necessary.
23186	The organization delivered groceries to about a dozen residents one day last week and wants to pass out informational flyers about the new coronavirus in different languages, Upadhyay said.
23187	The original Brixton branch is still the best.
23188	The original print version of this article was headlined "Return of the Reign Man"
23189	The original study that sparked the debunked claim was published in the journal the Lancet in 1998 by Andrew Wakefield and linked the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine to autism.
23190	The original V8 Vantage of one of four Aston Martins that will appear in No Time To Die later this year.
23191	The original version of this story misstated the nature of Fonda’s rallies this year.
23192	Theorist and programming composer also pointed to JODI, but their more minimal 2016 project, “IDN” (short for “Internationalized Domain Names”).
23193	The other Deaner is at ringside.
23194	The other death was recorded in Davao del Sur.
23195	The other embraces it.
23196	The other four were Bright Side and Movie Clips (both tied for second), Mr. Beast, and Smosh,” said Thompson.
23197	The other imported case is a Tanzanian assistant truck driver who has returned to Tanzania.
23198	The other ordinance approved on second reading repealed the town’s loitering ordinance, which the WOYC said led to racial profiling.
23199	The other part of that is that it’s a comparatively-sized city to Chicago and that it’s largely ripe for the taking.
23200	The other primary component you need when publishing a book is a front cover.
23201	The other son agrees to do his father’s will but then rejects the father.
23202	The others went to parties that are puppets of the government.
23203	The others were North West St. Ann MP, Dr. Dayton Campbell and PNP Deputy Chairman, Horace Dalley.
23204	The other three commissioners are Chairman Rob Hendry, Paul Bertoglio and Jim Milne.
23205	The other two people are Mason John Sheppard, 19, of the United Kingdom, and Nima Fazeli, 22, of Orlando, Fla., who were charged by federal prosecutors.
23206	The other two will appear in court at a later date.
23207	The other women’s quarterfinal on Wednesday’s schedule is No. 16 seed Elise Mertens against unseeded Victoria Azarenka, who has a nine-match winning streak.
23208	The Otter Tail County Road 41 bridge at Star Lake near Dent has reopened with news weight restrictions.
23209	The outage has not impacted services in any other buildings at this time, according to the campus-wide email.
23210	The outbreak comes after a children's ward was closed at a hospital in Lancashire last month because of an outbreak among staff.
23211	The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has sparked more proactive measures at businesses to combat the spread of the coronavirus.
23212	The outbreak was declared last week on two Hutterite communities in the rural municipality of Maple Creek.
23213	The outcome set the table for the Trump appointee to cast the pivotal vote upon a potential second appeal, and experts quickly that the ruling might be immediately challenged if Barrett assumed the bench.
23214	The outlet concluded that Efron knew it was “time to move on,” noting he’s scheduled to shoot two films in the States.
23215	The outrage was almost instantaneous.
23216	The overarching goal should be regional security and stability for all of Northeast Asia.
23217	The oversaturation of love has been diluted to a form where many (especially ) believe it is weird to even internalize it, much less say it out loud.
23218	The overwhelming majority – 82% – is either exported or used by the liquified natural gas (LNG) export industry in processing.
23219	The owner of the Gardiner quilt shop talks about the importance of a loyal customer base.
23220	The owners are believed to believed to be involved in corruption worth R200 million.
23221	The pacer was ICC’s No 1 ranked ODI bowler.
23222	The Pacific Highway is closed in both directions north of McLean between Chatsworth and Harwood due to a serious two-car crash near Chatsworth Road.
23223	The packaged food company, with global reach these days, is clearly down trending since the late July peak.
23224	The package features 5 video courses and 6 ebooks combining for almost 50 hours of instruction that explore the core concepts and tools used to build apps in the Android environment.
23225	The packaging is black, grey and dark blue.
23226	The Packers have reached the NFC championship game by beating the Seattle Seahawks 28-23.
23227	The pact is intended to open Chinese markets to more American companies, increase farm and energy exports and provide greater protection for American technology and trade secrets.
23228	The painting will also usually have elements associated with river Yamuna — for example the lotus flowers and mango trees on its bank.”
23229	The pair become subjects of a bet to see how each would do living in the other's life circumstances.
23230	The pair run UCI’s offense with 43 and 40 kills on the season, respectively, and limiting their output will hinder the Anteaters greatly.
23231	The pair was remanded in custody and are expected to appear in court on September 10 for legal representation.
23232	The pair will also drop their HRH titles "as they are no longer working members of the Royal Family".
23233	The Pakistan Super League (PSL) 2020 trophy was unveiled at the National Stadium in Karachi on Wednesday, in what was the first-ever trophy unveiling ceremony for the tournament on Pakistani soil.
23234	The Palermo protocol incentivises NGOs to cast islanders, parents, and fishermen as traffickers and enslavers of their children.
23235	The Palestinian president runs the same storyline: if I go, “Palestine” goes – although it’s going rather quickly with him.
23236	"The Palestinians who live here, who contribute here, consider themselves citizens here.
23237	The Paley Center for Media has become an American cultural institution.
23238	The Palouse – a distinct geographic region of the northwestern U.S., encompassing parts of north-central Idaho, southeastern Washington.
23239	The Panchkula route would mean that Saini would have first entered Haryana and then Himachal Pradesh from another entry point bordering Haryana and Himachal.
23240	The pandemic had delayed its 2020 visit.
23241	The pandemic has disproportionately impacted the borough, which already had its share of challenges, CBS2’s Aundrea Cline-Thomas reported Thursday.
23242	The pandemic has forced China to confront the taboo subject of mental health, derided as a bourgeois delusion under Mao.
23243	The pandemic has hit Gilpin’s economy hard, yet together we will recover.
23244	The pandemic has meant he has not been in Australia since March, and the entire launch of jet services has been coordinated via countless emails and video conferences with his executives.
23245	The pandemic has resulted in hotel and flight cancellations worldwide.
23246	The pandemic has shaken every aspect of life, forcing us to deal with this once-in-a-lifetime problem in ways that we are not even remotely accustomed to.
23247	The pandemic is surging towards a peak in Britain.
23248	The pandemic is testing some health care systems to the limit and some doctors have come out of retirement to help.
23249	The pandemic undoubtedly fueled the sad outcome, but St. Basil’s was already struggling to compete with "free” public schools, which enjoy a significant financial advantage.
23250	The panel discussion on Aug. 25 at 7 p.m. in the Vianney Auditorium features the seminary’s three endowed professors along with Archbishop Nelson Perez.
23251	The panel’s website describes it as a “five-member independent, non-partisan commission” whose mission is the “impartial” administration of the Political Reform Act.
23252	The Panorama broadcast also puts a light on some UKA officials who had internally queried the injections.
23253	The Panorama parent surveys conducted between June 8 and June 30 show disparities across the state when it comes to household device connectivity and parents’ ease with helping their children out.
23254	The Panthers are 9-6-1 against division opponents.
23255	The Panthers might be in flux at the quarterback position, as they’ve been unwilling to commit to Cam Newton as he recovers from a foot injury this offseason.
23256	The paper I quoted, by economists Enrico Moretti and Daniel J. Wilson, is titled, “Taxing Billionaires: Estate Taxes and the Geographical Location of the Ultra-Wealthy,” and is freely available on the website of the National Bureau of Economic Research.
23257	The paper says that for a nation "worn down by Covid", normality is "in sight", with the first vaccines set to be administered by a London hospital trust at 07:00 on Monday morning.
23258	The papers can be a little hard to spot at first as they are next to the desk rather than on it.
23259	The parcels all had various symbols on them, including a cat’s face, the Gallic rooster, and the Ampelmännchen (red and green traffic light symbols shown on pedestrian signals in Germany).
23260	The parent is the one dealing with the fact that the reading instruction in their school is so terrible that they're just watching their child year after year not being taught to read.
23261	The parents hope that these therapists will refuse to affirm a child’s own sense of their gender identity, and somehow convince.
23262	The parents of children killed in the Sandy Hook massacre, or the Parkland shooting, also had to deal with grief while under the klieg lights of instant, unwanted fame.
23263	“The Paris accord means that different countries are going to have to start regulating carbon emissions more,” Starks said.
23264	The park is about 18 miles west of Grand Rapids.
23265	The park is currently closed due to the coronavirus—a sad but responsible and necessary turn of events—but if life was running normally this would’ve been a huge day for Disney’s original theme park.
23266	The Parks Canada statement says opening the winter road connection to Alberta could "jeopardize" these special provisions.
23267	The Parole Board of Canada has faced calls through the pandemic to grant more inmates early release.
23268	The party believed it had to act after all Sir Keir had said anyone who claimed discrimination against Jewish people was “exaggerated or factional are part of the problem”.
23269	The party is also trying to woo away many MLAs in the Pilot camp and their family members are being persuaded to ask them to return to the party fold, said sources.
23270	The party-loving bunch relished larking around the house and going wild in grimy local nightclubs.
23271	The party responded to this question with “No.
23272	The party said it would “set a target date for ending long-term homelessness and the need to sleep rough”.
23273	The party’s rules say any request for a recount must be filed by 5 p.m. Monday.
23274	The PA said the next day, Drumm and the mother brought their son to the pediatrics unit for a visit.
23275	The PA schools that don’t bother your for the GRE now becomes some of the most sort after institutions by students who don’t have it.
23276	The passenger was first spotted in the road about 6 a.m. by a deer hunter and later identified as 55-year-old William J. Evans of Litchfield, Minn.
23277	The past-midnight vote came after several hours of contentious public comments that included the announcement of a mayoral run from one of the speakers.
23278	The pastor of that church, Todd Bell, officiated the wedding.
23279	The past two years have been something of a renaissance for fans of the saga.
23280	The Patent Trial and Appeal Board ruled against the generic drugmaker's inter partes review seeking to overturn the patent covering Tecfidera.
23281	"The patient is said to be clinically stable, with no serious symptoms, and is currently being managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital in Yaba, Lagos.
23282	The patient was receiving oxygen via a mask, and beside the bed was his wife, who had cared for him tirelessly, despite being in a wheelchair herself.
23283	The patriarch Cal (Coburn Goss, effectively slimy), who is Bernard’s half-brother, has taken a strong (perhaps unhealthy) interest in Margo, much to the disgust of his racist, bullying, jerk sons Junior (Arie Thompson) and Billy (Sam Straley).
23284	The Patriotic Front Muchinga Provincial leadership has registered dismay over the alleged disrespectful behaviour towards President Edgar Lungu, by UPND leaders in the province.
23285	The Patriots didn’t draft any wide receivers and were already relatively thin at the position entering the draft, giving Riley a chance to compete for a spot on the Patriots 53-man roster.
23286	The patriots have 2 guards that may be to expensive but would be nice to have.
23287	The patrol vehicle was also damaged and several other ranks received minor injuries.
23288	The PCR techs are good Germans.
23289	The peace accord signed on November 9 was reached after six weeks of fighting that saw Azerbaijan's army overwhelm separatists forces and threaten to advance on Stepanakert.
23290	The pedal cyclist was then rushed to the Diamond Diagnostic Centre, EBD, but was immediately transferred to the Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation (GPHC) in light of his injuries.
23291	The pedestrian registration would show that the wearer has consciously chosen to walk on a bike path, and presumably understands that other people may be using that path for its intended purpose.
23292	The Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association issued a press release Friday reminding that out-of-season activities for teams affiliated with high schools still are not permitted.
23293	The Pennsylvania School Bus Association tells KDKA’s Meghan Schiller drivers deciding to not work this year in fear of getting sick only minimally contributed (less than 5 percent) to the current shortage.
23294	The Pentagon that President Donald Trump’s Defense Department ordered a U.S. military airstrike that killed Soleimani, the leader of Iran’s elite Quds Force.
23295	The people can tap in with me or hit the local moms and pops for a hard copy.
23296	The people we brand enemies just might turn out to be the best people that life ever gave us the opportunity of meeting.
23297	The people were to represent ordinary working people – I listened to a farmer and a nurse.
23298	The people who attended the congregation at the Markaz and have returned to their native places were showing symptoms of Corona virus attack on them.
23299	The people who love and support them want to engage with brands that are well suited for those they care about, who may need a different approach in marketing efforts than the masses do.
23300	The people whom the police and the prosecution believe to have organised and executed the murder of Ján Kuciak and Martina Kušnírová which shook Slovakia two and a half years ago will hear the court verdict next week.
23301	The percentage of coronavirus tests coming back positive are on the rise in Oklahoma, however many categories are trending below other neighboring states, according to data from the Oklahoma State Department of Health.
23302	The perfect pandemic player.
23303	The performance will feature Christine Ohlman and Rebel Montez, with guest James Montgomery, and will raise money for a local charity.
23304	'The perpetrator has taken a part of me that I will never get back, and deserves the largest sentence possible.'
23305	The perpetrator of the crime can be identified by the sapata (swearing).
23306	The perpetrators must be held accountable.
23307	“The personalization is how you bring that curriculum to life.”
23308	The person also said if it was not for my shape, they wouldn’t have called me.
23309	The person that is first clicked on Second individual?
23310	The person (who I believed was going to cheat me) may have entered the conversation with an open mind.
23311	The petition argues the prohibition was intended to insulate the judicial branch from politics by keeping judges from seeking political office.
23312	The petitioner had challenged the constitutional validity of Section 15A(3) of the Act while calling the same as violative of Article 14 and Article 21 of the Constitution of India.
23313	The petitioners demanded loans with subsidies, formation of silver anklet manufacturing park in Salem and sought measures to ensure job security for those in silver anklet manufacturing.
23314	The petition said in March 2020, the company representatives were summoned by the CBI to record their statement as the preliminary enquiry was initiated.
23315	The petition was written in over 10 different languages.
23316	“The phased approach to easing lockdown means that most people will still be confined to their homes for some time to come, and stressors of all kinds are being amplified,” she said.
23317	“The phased reopening of the country has afforded people the opportunity to socialise with each other again,” Dr Glynn said.
23318	The Philippine Army said the NPA killed two indigenous peoples leaders and Nora Apique, a farmer-leader in Surigao del Sur last March 31.
23319	The Philippines' health ministry on Wednesday reported 2,539 new coronavirus cases, marking the biggest single-day increase in confirmed infections, and five additional deaths.
23320	The Philippines suspended all flights into and out of the country for a week starting Sunday in a bid to ease pressure on its congested quarantine facilities.
23321	The Phoenix police department has one of the deadliest records in the country and a history of sexual abuse cases.
23322	The phones are no longer available for purchase in the but are still available in other stores for the time being.
23323	The phone will come in two storage variants 128GB and 256GB with each one having 8GB and 12GB of RAM respectively.
23324	The phone will come with UFS 3.1 storage as well.
23325	The phrase “white supremacy” can conjure up an image of pointed hoods and burning crosses.
23326	The PhRMA Foundation - the trade group’s nonprofit public health advocacy arm - has spent US$3 million on research into alternative methods of determining a drug’s value, according to foundation announcements.
23327	“The physics section was comparatively difficult than chemistry and maths.
23328	The picket fence might have been wicker; fence might have been stone.
23329	The pic thought it was taken at the same time as a family photo that was shared as the Cambridge’s 2018 Christmas card.
23330	The picture for this submarket is expected to improve in 2021, but it could take until 2022 for the market to make up the ground it has lost in 2020.
23331	The pictures the chairwoman showed me are great examples of serious problems."
23332	The picture was taken on Tuesday 24 March by a photographer who wants to remain anonymous.
23333	The Piedmont Bridal show from 1 p.m. – 4 p.m. on the campus of Richmond Community College at the Cole Auditorium.
23334	The pie filling was made with canned fruit, sugar and clear gel and topped with a buttered disc of pie crust.
23335	The pilot, Lieutenant John Wilson, was wounded in the head, and the co-pilot, 1st Lt. Arthur A. Bushnell, was hit in the right eye, both legs, the left arm, and the right hand by flying aluminum.
23336	The Pioneer Press sent questionnaires to candidates for local and state offices in Ramsey, Dakota and Washington counties.
23337	The pipeline company reported $0.38 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.34 by $0.04.
23338	“The pipeline, which is planned to extend from Israel to South Cyprus, from to Greece and ultimately to Italy, is a much longer and more costly route than other alternatives,” Akıncı said.
23339	The place looks more and more like the intensely partisan House of Representatives, only with longer terms.
23340	The plaintiffs sought an injunction against the enforcement of Proposition 12 concerning pork.
23341	The plan, as of now, is to release in the United States a week after its international rollout, on Labor Day weekend.
23342	The planetarium's winter season kicks off on Friday with the special observing event: The Moon's Straight Wall, The Seven Sisters, and the Hyades Cluster.
23343	The plan foresees the reduction of 2,362 positions until the end of 2021, of which 829 would be in Germany, 357 in Britain, 630 in Spain, 404 in France and 141 in other countries, according to a statement.
23344	The plan is part of an effort to add regionally 1.3 billion stems of milkweed, which monarchs depend upon.
23345	The planned fireworks display had to be called off because of poor weather.
23346	The planning commission voted 5-1 to recommend changing the zoning of 1601 Oak St. from 1 & 2 Family Residential to Mixed-Use community.
23347	The planning committee of the Republican National Convention 2020 will live-stream the proceedings across social media platforms.
23348	The plans for summer 2021 are as fluid as the pandemic is, according to Weinstock, and plans can change.
23349	The plant's location has already stirred some controversy since Gigafactory 4 will border a nature reserve.
23350	The plan, unveiled in January, envisions bringing some 30 percent of the territory under permanent Israeli control, while giving the Palestinians limited autonomy in carved-up pockets of the remaining land.
23351	The plan was to just cycle failing schools through charter school designations and affiliations every 5 years.
23352	The plan will be offered to the members of Freepaycard, allowing them to receive an assured amount in case of any injury or hospitalization for treatment.
23353	The platform also has a computer vision algorithm in place that checks videos uploaded on the platform and flags objectionable ones before it appears on the feed.
23354	The player did return late to the first-team squad in December – just before the transfer window opened – but after two substitute appearances, and with United insisting he would not be allowed to leave in January, he was sidelined once more.
23355	The play’s coolness means that you may not feel everything that a narrative like this might allow you to feel, at least not right away.
23356	The plot also has an area of no man's land and fake barbed wire.
23357	The plump bee is identified by a on its back.
23358	The Poco F1, at the time, was among the cheapest phones to carry the flagship Snapdragon 845 SoC, dual rear cameras, and up to 256GB of onboard storage.
23359	The Poe Center for Health Education will host one of its popular sessions to help parents and kids broach the sometimes tricky topic of puberty together.
23360	The point I want to make is that there is an understanding now.
23361	The police charged Segun Owolabi and Bola with two counts of murder and conspiracy.
23362	The police detectives and members of the Public Ministry I interviewed in the region blamed their failure to address sex crimes on a structural lack of personnel to investigate.
23363	The police didn't do jack to stop them.
23364	The police followed multiple leads to finally track down the man.
23365	The police force also issued several social media posts about parties and gatherings that officers had to break up on Friday evening.
23366	The police have arrested two more Zimbabwe Revenue Authority (Zimra) officials deployed at Beitbridge Border Post, as the Government intensifies its crack down on rent-seeking activities at the border with South Africa.
23367	The police have initiated legal action against him.
23368	The police in Port St. Lucie said they’d fielded 200 calls from reporters in the 24 hours after Gooden’s name had been linked to the case.
23369	The police need to act quickly and forcefully.
23370	The police, Nigerian Army, and Nigerian Air Force are working … a school by gunmen in Nigeria.
23371	The police officer said that a case of abetment to suicide was registered after the young man’s family submitted a complaint against the girl, her family members and those who humiliated him.
23372	The police said Kalidass had completed graduation in law and was a junior to an advocate.
23373	The police said that its officers will continue to “work with the authorities and other law enforcement agencies to stop the spread of the coronavirus to protect the public and its health.”
23374	The police said that they found a suicide note which indicated that the man was pressure after incurring a large amount of debt.
23375	The police said the mobile phone used in the commission of crime has been seized.
23376	The police then reserved a room for the girl in the hotel and her family was contacted.
23377	The police then went to the location in Daund where the accused were expected to come.
23378	“The Police under the leadership of Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu, is on ground doing credible job to keep law and order in Abuja, Lagos and other parts of the country.
23379	The police were also asking Kruse what she knew.
23380	The police who were meant to protect us became armed robbers.
23381	The policy acts as primary auto coverage when the driver is on an active delivery, as tracked by the deliveryPRO platform powered by Arity or other existing technology.
23382	The policy is intended to support people who have been isolating alone for the duration of lockdown, as well as working parents who will need to find informal childcare as businesses reopen their doors over the summer holidays.
23383	The polls are BS.
23384	The poor and weakest members of society should get preferential treatment when a vaccine for the coronavirus is ready, Pope Francis told the United Nations on Friday.
23385	The popcorn ball is an enigma.
23386	“The popcorn, there’s no better microwave popcorn, period.”
23387	The Pope is said to give his consent for tweets and, during a crisis or emergency situation, has said he wants to tweet.
23388	The popular employee of Sony is likely to have had first-hand experience with the game and this adds validity to the statement rather than it being based purely on conjecture from teased gameplay.
23389	The popular kasuwan dere was a beehive of activities as majority of the traders were seen doing their business oblivious of the sit- at- home order while some security personnel were seen around the market.
23390	The popular tournament will be held during the Easter holiday.
23391	The port district was left a tangled wreck, disabling the nation’s main route for imports needed to feed a nation of more than 6 million people.
23392	The portfolio has the Buffaloes at No. 57 according to Sagarin’s metric.
23393	The Portland police are doing the least they can, just like they have for the last several years of increasingly violent behavior by radical lefties.
23394	The Port of Los Angeles has also been operating at about 75% to 85% compared to last year since the pandemic affected global trade.
23395	The Port of Savannah is the top port in the nation for the export of containerized agricultural goods.
23396	The Port showed us that at the 10th Avenue Terminal, there are 20 pieces of equipment contributing to emissions.
23397	“The position will be reviewed when further information is known about supporter access for the 2020/21 season.
23398	"The positive momentum could continue in the days ahead if we see signs that government efforts to contain the virus are starting to pay off," the firm said in a note to investors.
23399	The positivity rate — the percentage of tests coming back positive — has increased in all of these places, and in Arizona has gone above 20%.
23400	The post also has a showing off the new Microsoft Store on Xbox.
23401	The post-mortem revealed the cause of death as a COVID-19 related cardiac arrest.
23402	The post-tropical low was expected to produce 1 to 2 inches (3 to 5 centimeters) of rain, with flash flooding possible in some areas.
23403	The potential alone was staggering, and the capacity for harm incredible.
23404	The potential for currency debasement is high as fiscal stimulus and monetary policy measures are ramped up.
23405	The powerhouse “engine” energizing the entire system is a pulsar, a rapidly spinning neutron star, the super-dense crushed core of the exploded star.
23406	"The PPF is of the firm belief that the entire nation is fully behind the State's interventions including the professionals hence a need for all stakeholders to join hands in the prevention of the coronavirus," Wicomb said.
23407	“The practice of carrying out judicial sessions by videoconference is a recent development,” the Amapá State Court of Justice said in a statement released Tuesday.
23408	"The preachings of these folks are absolutely despicable and have no place in our city.”
23409	The preceding have all been undertaken with a myriad of different stakeholders – political leaders, policy makers, private sector and public sector officials and to some degree NGOs.
23410	The Predator probably wouldn't see any sport in killing such a pathetic person as a trophy.
23411	The predominant age-group affected is 11-40 years (range: 11 to 60 years, Median age: 33 years).
23412	The pregame ceremony, which incorporated the Black Lives Matter movement throughout the park, included dropping to a knee during the singing of the national anthemKevin Pillar, Jonathan Lucroy, Jonathan Arauz, Austin Brice made their Red Sox debuts.
23413	The preliminary crime numbers suggest Chicago had close to the number of murders in 2019 as it did in 2015, when the tally was 478.
23414	The Premier League announced that 1,541 tests had been conducted on players and club staff on June 15 and 16.
23415	The Premier League has only just got going again after more than three months on hold, so you can be forgiven for having forgotten some of what went on before the division's suspension.
23416	The Premier League organisers have ensured that the Porcupines train under the floodlight at the match venue and also at exactly the kick-off time to have a feel of how the atmosphere will be like during the game.
23417	The presence or absence of a comma is nothing whatever to do with grammar, but everything to do with the conventions of written language.
23418	The present new discovered retrograde moons take almost two years to complete the orbit of Jupiter.
23419	The preset stitch lengths as well as width take the uncertainty out of establishing the dials properly.
23420	The Presidency source further told First News that Nigerians would be shocked by revelations that would come out from the panel’s sessions during the two-week extension, if granted by the President.
23421	The President, African Development Bank (AfDB), Dr Akinwumi Adesina says the 2020 Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the bank will provide a forum to discuss ways to help Africa in its economic recovery.
23422	The president argued he has the legal power to order all Americans – or ones in specific states – to remain at home to continue efforts to tamp down the deadly disease's spread.
23423	The president had, in line with her constitutional role, twice declined to sign into assent the bill, which would make membership of the so-called second pillar of the scheme voluntary.
23424	The President had said, too, that the gap between resources that are available to coastal residents and those of hinterland-based Guyanese must be closed.
23425	The presidential media aide stated that efforts by the presidency to address the demands of the protesters are already ongoing and that "all the related issues including matters of compensation for victims" will be dealt with soon.
23426	The president is being tried in the Senate after the House impeached him last month, accusing him of abusing his office by asking Ukraine for the investigations while withholding aid from a U.S. ally at war with bordering Russia.
23427	The president is now intentionally ensuring that this can happen again.
23428	The President is only a citizen, elected by the people, to serve in the office of the President.
23429	The president made the declaration in a national broadcast at 7pm on Monday.
23430	The President of AmCham Shanghai that losing WeChat as a tool could be an “existential threat” to the livelihood of many American businesses.
23431	The President of the Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN), Innocent Bola-Audu, responding to the warning yesterday, said that federal workers “are joining the strike.
23432	The president of the IUE-CWA Local 84807 says the facility’s incoming operator plans to fire the nearly 260 employees who work at the facility.
23433	The president said that “the nation assumes this cost, but on the condition that we see no job losses in this sector, which is what is so important for the generation of income for the Colombian people.”
23434	The President said the department exemplified the importance which the government attaches to protecting Guyanese citizenship and to prevent abuses which have been occurring with increasing frequency in other parts of the hemisphere.
23435	The president says it’s the World Health Organization, and that’s why he’s taken action against them,” Cuomo said at his daily press conference in Albany.
23436	The president’s office did not respond to a request for comment.
23437	The president’s remarks repeated an assertion he made at earlier this week, where he said: ”I think what happens is it’s going to go away.
23438	The President will participate at the invitation of the United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres.
23439	The presser goes on to describe the recently uncovered “Dancin’ in the World of Love” as “an excellent example of Cruz’s emotional prowess and magical, gold-dipped vocal cords.”
23440	The Press Information Bureau (PIB) of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting tweeted, saying Cabinet Secretary Rajiv Gauba has denied media reports claiming that the government will extend the lockdown.
23441	The pretaped entertainment will include those who were scheduled to participate in St. Patrick’s Day Parade, the Pride March, the National Puerto Rican Day Parade and the West Indian American Day Carnival Association, which were all canceled this year.
23442	The “Pretty Girl Rock” singer who has been sharing tips on how people can keep themselves safe during the outbreak, posted screenshots of articles regarding the dangers of 5G and warned people to turn off their 5G LTE.
23443	The preview shows Amber (Cravalho) pursue her dream of attending University.
23444	The previous adaptation is an absolutely classic.
23445	The previous low for a Virginia squad was the 1.035 points per possession that Dave Leitao’s last team, the 2008-2009 group that went 10-18 and got Leitao fired, put up.
23446	The previous, the fifth in a row, trilateral meeting between the presidents of the countries acting as guarantors of the Astana process to promote a peaceful settlement in Syria took place in Ankara in September 2019.
23447	The price of domestic gas is benchmarked to its price at four international locations.
23448	The price of US oil turned negative for the HYPERLINK “https://citibusinessnews.
23449	The price tag of the Dolce & Gabbana dress she chose to wear to the last debate: $2,195.
23450	The primary context of my accountability within the SBC is the Midwestern Seminary Board of Trustees, but it doesn’t end there.
23451	“The primary objective of the Official Languages Act is to ensure better availability and a higher standard of services through Irish,” KCC explained.
23452	The prime minister acknowledged that the latest restrictions would impact certain business activities.
23453	The Prime Minister acknowledged the Government is imposing measures 'never seen before either in peace or war', but said they are essential as the outbreak gathers pace.
23454	The prime minister has said that pubs, bars and restaurants can reopen in England from Saturday 4 July as part of stage three of the easing of lockdown restrictions.
23455	The Prime Minister inquired from some of the migrants their current state of employment and also whether the various welfare schemes launched during the Lockdown period were available to them.
23456	The Prime Minister is also set to replace the existing 'Stay Home' slogan with a more relaxed message.
23457	The Prime Minister made the call following a special cabinet meeting with state premiers this morning.
23458	The Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau, and three ministers, on Wednesday, tested positive for coronavirus.
23459	The Printed Estimate for 2020/21 was R1 425.4 billion with a required growth of in tax revenue of 5.1%.
23460	The Pritzkers‘ first foray into the luxury sector came with the opening of the Park Hyatt in 1980.
23461	“The private laboratories must provide all required staff with Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and laboratory consumables required for testing.
23462	The private sector alone can’t contain Covid-19.
23463	The Private Sector Commission is appalled at the blatant and deliberate attempts by GECOM to destroy our democracy by derailing the tabulation process of the 2020 elections results and attempts to subvert the will of the people.
23464	The prize includes New Year’s Eve at the Château Laurier’s presidential suite, $50,000 in cash and house cleaning for a year.
23465	The prize will be awarded in late August/early September.
23466	The probable target, the wing commander was informed, was Berlin.
23467	The probe revealed that Agarwal fraudulently availed bogus ITC of Rs 113.81 crore and passed on bogus input tax credit worth Rs 129.09 crore in the name of 14 fictitious firms created and operated by him on the strength of fake invoices.
23468	The problem arises when this type of defense is used as a knee-jerk retort every time someone questions why a period piece is told as though women, people of color and others hardly existed.
23469	The problem can be fixed, but it’s a giant headache.
23470	“The problem is more that it just doesn’t fit in with the rest of the world.”
23471	The problem is Newsom was there and everybody was focused on him and his stupid party.
23472	The problem isn’t new but, thank goodness, the U.S. approach is.
23473	The problem is that the United States has not only failed to suppress the spread of COVID-19, but we are in the midst of a resurgence that is producing more than twice as many new infections each day than at the height of the pandemic last spring.
23474	The problem is, while I don’t know the official rules, I do think I have to be neutral, and I don’t think I am allowed to cheer them on.
23475	The problems may be exacerbated by a false sense of calm, experts warned.
23476	The problems of a for-profit health care system are exacerbated by the diversion of resources and skills into militarism, and unequal food distribution systems' effect on diet and obesity.
23477	The problem was that the vote in three Southern states (Louisiana, South Carolina, and Florida) resulted in contested elections.
23478	The problem will only grow more acute as the population increases over the next 15 years.
23479	“The problem with is that there is no definition, no official regulation.
23480	The problem with the PF government is that,they don’t know what they are suppose to do when they are in the offices.
23481	The problem with this emerges when people start using these correlations as arguments to fortify their political opinions.
23482	The problem with this emerging trend is that the legal and institutional basis of economic growth—through promotion of rule of law, accountable governance, and more inclusive or democratic decision-making—is entirely absent from the agenda.
23483	The proceedings will continue through the morning at California State University, Sacramento, in the Student Union Ballroom.
23484	The process from transplant to successful birth varies from person to person but can take two to five years for many participants.
23485	The procession will then end in Albouystown at the crematorium.
23486	The process of domesticating plants is what turned a bitter red berry into strawberries.
23487	The process of the opening membership talks between Albania and EU has been postponed.
23488	The process took time because of which it spilled over to Saturday when the embassy was directed to issue the visas for them,” Tomar told IANS.
23489	The products contain separately packaged bacon and hard-boiled eggs.
23490	The professed Doctor Paye also promised to pay each person recruited to work along with him US$10.00 when the entire process is concluded within four days.
23491	The professor of social science was widely known for his 1979 book "Japan as Number One: Lessons for America," which became a best seller in Japan.
23492	The professors, who have been members of the medical school’s basic sciences department for decades, are challenging certain policies relating to faculty compensation and research space.
23493	The profound mark the disease has made on Green’s life isn’t uncommon.
23494	The program aims to bring year-round residents to Ocean City, who will in turn support the tourism-based economy and benefit the community.
23495	The program also focused on the search for the two Vest Pocket Kodak cameras the two brought with them, which have still never been found.
23496	The program also includes two technical areas that will run concurrently throughout its duration—and officials in the solicitation emphasize that proposals must address both.
23497	The program calls its former fellows "Marshall Scholars."
23498	The program is part of a series inviting Catholics under 40 years old who work in Washington to explore ties between faith, Catholic social thought and their work.
23499	The programme focuses on mass communication and its effects on the public.
23500	The programme gives free water safety lessons to children, especially those from previously disadvantaged communities that are at high risk of drowning.
23501	The program serves to encourage authorities and managers to provide beaches and marinas with a certain level of environmental quality, cleanliness and safety standards for local populations and tourists.
23502	The prohibitory orders that were clamped in the area will remain imposed for the day.
23503	The project is part of a smart transformation of the Parking Department to meet the needs of road users in line with the RTA's strategic goals: 'Smart Dubai and People Happiness'.
23504	The project is touted to be a psychological thriller dealing with child abuse.
23505	The project specialises in the processing, packaging and distribution of mopani worms) from Beitbridge and the rest of Matabeleland South Province.
23506	The project was filled with all the things I cared most about: the fate of Eastern European Jewry, the New York immigrant experience, and the power of music to connect us to both each-other and the past.
23507	The project was relatively cheap — about $50,000 in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Education dollars compared to the millions spent on heavier road projects that typically lead to more cars.
23508	The project, which is underway, comes about two years after the company opened its new, $17 million, state-of-the-art 110,000-square-foot Crossroad Cold Storage on the 22-acre site.
23509	The project will cost P20.31 billion, of which P1.2 billion will be shouldered by the Philippine government, while the rest will be paid through a soft loan from China Eximbank.
23510	The project would entail a private sector investment of about Rs 30,000 crore, the national transporter said.
23511	The promise of our future is limitless.
23512	The promotion is aimed at driving domestic tourism during the coronavirus downturn.
23513	The proof is truly in the pudding, as they say.
23514	The properties are shadow-anchored by WinCo Foods and Target, and anchored by PetSmart, Floor and Décor and Tuesday Morning.
23515	The property went up for sale after the project overtook the owners.
23516	The proposal is, on its face, unconstitutional.
23517	The proposed expansion would cost an estimated $42 million to set up and would extend the landfill’s life by 20 years.
23518	The pros and cons of whether to live in the upper or lower north shore is for others to decide,” says a “confused” Chris Patten of Roseville.
23519	The prosecution was charging Mushimba and his co-accused with a count of murder.
23520	The prosecutor asked him about the fact that he had about a dozen different addresses, and next to no visible means of support.
23521	The prosecutor chose to charge James as an adult.
23522	The prosecutors also stated that they felt Barr’s memo was an attempt to bolster President ‘s baseless claims that the election was rigged by mail-in voting.
23523	"The protesters understood the risks, many of them," he said.
23524	The protesters were arrested on Saturday with the Police claiming the peaceful protest had turned violent.
23525	The protest had drawn a much smaller crowd than expected, disappointing the activist.
23526	The protest organizer asked him point blank yes or no — “Will you commit to defunding the police?”
23527	The protests are an attempt to regain credibility and deflect from the goodies which the PPP/C is about to announce in its Budget.
23528	The proud mom snapped the most endearing image of her son on Feb. 3. The little one was with a baby bottle still in his mouth, after his doting mom fed him.
23529	The proverbial Ghanaian hospitality won once more.”
23530	The province also saw 1,451 patients discharged from hospital after recovery on Thursday, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the province to 11,788, it said.
23531	The province’s Special Investigations Unit is investigating a shooting in Mississauga that sent a 34-year-old woman to hospital Sunday night.
23532	The province’s Special Investigations Unit is investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of a 29-year-old woman this evening in Toronto.
23533	The provincial government had initially begun talks with Verafin to develop its own app.
23534	The provincial health department says there were three deaths and 15 new infections from COVID-19.
23535	The provincial running season has taken a big hit due to COVID-19 pandemic, but Paradise Running Club president Lori Dalton hopes the Virtual 7o9(00K) challenge will get people motivated to keep running this season.
23536	The psychedelic cover of Frogs into Princes: Neuro Linguistic Programming isn’t exactly typical of…
23537	The pubic schools, Sunday schools, and theatres have been closed.
23538	The publication says the reports describe tweets from two journalists — a reporter for The New York Times and the top editor of the blog Lawfare — “noting they had published leaked, unclassified documents about DHS operations in Portland.”
23539	The public education push will focus on the dangers of swimming while intoxicated.
23540	The public has run ahead on this.
23541	The public is welcome to email or call 071 883 3346 should they have any questions or want to make an offline donation.
23542	The Public Relations Officer Inspector Frankie Thomas said that without an official report, the authorities cannot act.
23543	The Public Relations Officer of the State Police Command, SP Isah Gambo has confirmed the attack but put the number of the dead at 12.
23544	The public's end of things would apparently still be virtual.
23545	The pulsation rippling outward from Betelgeuse may have helped propel the outflowing plasma through the atmosphere.
23546	The pupils will also get the chance to enter a competition to design a road safety banner, with the winning entry displayed outside the school to promote the message to passing motorists.
23547	The puppies as well as cats are a social media hit and also own an independent Instagram page with 21.5k followers.
23548	The Purge movies largely succeed due to the fact that they are impressively profitable.
23549	The purpose of the Act was to create the framework for the growth of Nigerian content in respect of all operations and transactions in Nigeria's oil and gas sector.
23550	The purpose of the LoveWorld Exhibition was to showcase the global impact of various divisions of the ministry, while the IPPC Presidential Awards celebrated the best partners and departments of Christ Embassy.
23551	The purpose of these meetings is to help the community engage and connect with each other, as well as to refer people who are struggling to cope to appropriate organisations (including Lochaber Hope) that may be able to help.
23552	“The purpose of this arrangement is to recoup costs associated with a recent grant received by the School District to employ four new school resource officers (SROs).
23553	The purpose of this blog is to share honest stories of diverse, underrepresented people doing great work which can hopefully inspire others to take action.
23554	The Pussycat Dolls' raunchy Saturday Night Takeaway performance 'receives 68 Ofcom complaints from disgruntled viewers'
23555	The puzzles are nothing special—you've got a few card games, a version of Simon, the usual—but the game oozes style with its jazzy soundtrack and handsketched noir artwork.
23556	The Quad first convened to resolve budget issues, but it has been going from strength to strength as the Coalition has progressed.
23557	The quality of schooling, housing, health care, public safety, and all vitally important social goods continues to be lower in communities of colour despite the absence of explicitly racial policies in many locales.
23558	The quartet had originally become friends through their love of foosball.
23559	The Queen has won a battle with environmentalists to go green and build a hydroelectric turbine on her land.
23560	The Queen’s absence from Buckingham Palace also needs to be read in context of the fact that the coronavirus pandemic has caused massive losses to the income of the Royal Collection Trust, whose main source of income is tourism.
23561	The question is: Are we sure Birx actually broke the “rules” here?
23562	“The question is this – as reports suggest, did America just assassinate, without any congressional authorization, the second most powerful person in Iran, knowingly setting off a potential massive regional war?”
23563	The question on the End of Life Choice Act referendum will appear first on the voting paper, ahead of the question about legalising cannabis for recreational use; that order was decided by pulling a ballot in front of a High Court judge.
23564	The question over how to handle them has been contentious in other states.
23565	The question remains — can her surrounding cast provide her with enough help to take the program to the next level in 2020?
23566	The questions surrounding this guy are seemingly endless.
23567	“The questions were majorly lengthy and difficult in maths and physics, while the chemistry portion was relatively easy, and questions mostly follow NCERT pattern.”
23568	The question thus is how the NEDC has fared in less than a year of its operations in the task of rebuilding North-East Nigeria.
23569	“The quiet ones are more quiet in a virtual classroom, so this constant checking-in becomes really really important.”
23570	The Quilox club owner turned Lawmaker also noted that okada was an instrument of crime.
23571	The quote is from Willingham's new book Phallacy: Life Lessons from the Animal Penis.
23572	The R0 for Sabah still maintains at 1.3, though it has gradually decreased.
23573	The rabbis identified by JTA include prominent figures like Rabbi Asher Lopatin, the former head of the liberal Orthodox rabbinical school Yeshivat Chovevei Torah, who said he would “seriously favorably consider it” if asked to perform a same-sex wedding.
23574	The Racing Points of Sergio Perez and Lance Stroll crossed the line fourth and fifth, but the Mexican was handed a five-second penalty for ignoring blue flags when Hamilton was lapping him and dropped behind the Canadian in the results.
23575	The rage that she/he feels when seeing Tommy groom a young boy is enough rage to remind her (him?) of who she (he?) really is.
23576	The Rail Delivery Group, which represents operators, advised people to keep checking for tickets and consider signing up for notifications from rail operators, some of whom will confirm when more fares are available.
23577	The rail loading and related work was completed by 1158th Soldiers and employees with the Fort McCoy Logistics Readiness Center Transportation Division.
23578	“The railway authorities have conveyed to us that they can operate seven Shramik Specials from Pune station, two from Uruli station and two from Daund station.
23579	The railway police officer also threatened her of dire consequences if she reveals the incident.
23580	The Raleigh Police will also not be in riot gear on Saturday night, according to Baldwin.
23581	The Rams opened as 2 1/2-underdogs at DraftKings for their Sunday night tilt against the Dallas Cowboys.
23582	The Rams will mix up assignments, but defensive coordinator Brandon Staley contributed to the hype for this matchup, saying watching the $100 million corner cover the 6-foot-4, 229-pound receiver “is what gets you excited about pro sports.”
23583	The Rancho Mirage City Council has written$8,000 checks to help hard-hit restaurants survive.
23584	The range is defined by Liang’s signature mix of materials, colours and prints with fleece-like cheetah prints and metal jewellery detailing.
23585	“The rank of Senior Advocates of Nigeria (SAN) is awarded as a mark of excellence to members of the legal profession who have distinguished themselves as advocates and academics.”
23586	The rapper confronted the officers who detained her husband, Migos rapper Offset, who was questioned Saturday (October 24) about allegedly brandishing a gun at Trump supporters holding a rally in Beverly Hills.
23587	The rapper, however, was later filmed in his studio all bandaged up while recording a new track.
23588	The rapper more popularly known as Scarface from the legendary Geto Boys announced on March 26 that he had tested positive for the coronavirus.
23589	The rate-sensitive stocks such as banking and auto stocks will remain in focus ahead of RBI MPC meeting outcome.
23590	The ratification of the draft bill relating to the revised ECCAS treaty entails enormous stakes both for Cameroon and for Central Africa.
23591	The rating for US Dollars senior secured fixed rate notes is S&P – ‘BB-‘ and Fitch Ratings – ‘BB-‘.
23592	The Ray-Pec School District Calendar Committee is currently constructing a draft calendar for the 2021-2022 school year.
23593	The RC asked the displaced to maintain hygiene, social distance and stressed wearing masks in public places to contain the novel coronavirus pandemic.
23594	The RCMP continue to investigate the 13-hour shooting spree that killed 22 Nova Scotians.
23595	The REACT-1 study - commissioned by the Department of Health - has been swabbing tens of thousands of people since summer.
23596	There after, I will be open every Tuesday and Thursday from 10 to 5 PM.
23597	The reality show will return for season 19 on Thursday, Sept. 17 followed by one last season (season 20) in 2021.
23598	The reality sinking in Thursday was that — after a record number of women declared their candidacies — the Democratic Party’s standard bearer will now be one of two white men in their 70s.
23599	The reality star admitted that she felt bad about what she said on Monday night’s episode of The Bachelor: Greatest Seasons—Ever! and wishes she wasn’t so mean.
23600	The reality TV celeb admits to her mistakes and has a deep desire for others (to be held accountable for their actions.
23601	The reality Tv star shows what it’s like taking a photo with her squirmy two-year-old daughter and it’s adorable to watch them.
23602	The real reason is that the system as it stands shores up elitism and maintains the grip that the upper middle class – for no good reason – has on influential jobs.
23603	There also are two seat memory buttons for the driver’s seat.
23604	There also will be craft cocktails and signature drinks such as the Caliente Margarita, Tattooed Mojito and Flavortown's Long Island.
23605	There appears to be a little time-hoping regarding Dolores, who appears just fine when she is with Fake Charlotte.
23606	There are 1,080 recovered cases, according to the local health department.
23607	There are 151 people being treated for COVID-19 in Quebec hospitals as of Wednesday, which is the same number as the one reported on Tuesday.
23608	There are 25 new cases in Saskatoon, 15 in Regina, 11 in the northeast, seven in the northwest, seven in the north central zone, two in the southeast and one pending case from Tuesday has been assigned to the north central zone.
23609	There are 335 days left in the year.
23610	There are 3,784 active positive cases in North Dakota.
23611	There are 74 British nationals on the Diamond Princess ship, which was quarantined on 3 February after an outbreak of coronavirus.
23612	There are about 37 or 39 different categories,” Hanson said on record.
23613	There are a few layers of humor in this quote.
23614	There are a few options, but our pick is the Evo Check, which offers great protection but also has a great design aesthetic to it.
23615	There are almost always balancing issues in the beginning of multiplayer games, and tends to have many issues at launch considering how popular it is.
23616	“There are a lot of gathering services like 1-800-Flowers.
23617	“There are a lot of issues where we could have been bolder.”
23618	There are a lot of strollers and Lululemon tights, and most people in the line are wearing a mask.
23619	There are also 2,500 identified plants that could be used for fuel or bioenergy, according to the report.
23620	There are also currently 15 COVID-19 outbreaks in the region — at four schools, four congregate settings, three workplaces, three community settings and one long-term care home.
23621	There are also myriad other chromosomal disorders that can result in a developmental disability.
23622	There are also other countries with stranded migrants even if the numbers are smaller and without missions where you can tweak the model in response to the context and work with different types of partners there.
23623	There are also two additional salons for watches and fine jewelry as well as home products.
23624	There are a number of different ways in which alcohol can be extracted from beer, he explains – including boiling it out, which can damage flavour.
23625	There are a number of open-source and proprietary tools available for just about any infrastructure needs you have.
23626	There are a number of students too that are outside the United States going to high school in their home countries, but they’ve been to the United States before for a summer program that issued an F-1 visa.
23627	There are around eight Apaches which are armed with the Hellfire air-to-surface missiles.
23628	There are a total of six bosses throughout the game: Selt, Mortar, Noori, Ponzu, Seer, and Din.
23629	There are businesses who are barely scraping by.
23630	“There are certain players, who played all three formats of the game,” Shastri, a former India all-rounder, added.
23631	“There are clubs knocking at the door for Chiesa, some of them who speak English.
23632	There are conflicting reports and statements on whether the president has needed supplemental oxygen at any point since arriving at Walter Reed Friday or how high his fever has reached.
23633	There are costumes, hair, make up.
23634	There are currently 11,271 active cases in the province, with 431 people in hospital — 98 of them in intensive care and 62 on a ventilator.
23635	There are currently 150 development jobs globally.
23636	There are currently nearly 985,000 worldwide coronavirus deaths.
23637	“There are doubts within the BOJ on whether pledging to achieve higher inflation could change public perceptions dramatically, especially if inflation is still distant from the current target,” said a source familiar with its thinking.
23638	There are even callbacks to Alestorm’s 2011 underrated gem, with mentions of the Terrorsquid and the Viking/Pirate rivalry the world didn’t know it needed.
23639	There are even rumors suggesting that the star attempted to have standalone film cancelled, which probably means that there's no chance of the Thirty Seconds to Mars performer returning to the role anytime soon.
23640	There are even some lights that are used to wake you up by creating a sort of simulated sunrise.
23641	There are extra commentary teams and expert analysis, providing an experience that more closely resembles a proper broadcast.
23642	There are fewer competing hospitals and medical groups in California every year.
23643	There are fewer than 100 ventilators for a country of 14 million people; there are twice as many ventilators in my Boston hospital alone.
23644	There are few investments of a lower risk than Power Assets Holdings Limited (PAH), with a net cash position, 0.09 debt to asset ratio, and stable income from regulated utilities.
23645	There are fine supporting performances from Alec Secareanu as a charming village doctor, and from the great Fiona Shaw as a local apothecary who turns out to have some past romantic history with Mary.
23646	There are five new amateur teams this season: Renner Over 38, Lennox-Worthing-Chancellor, Yankton Lakers, Baltic and Sisseton/Bryant.
23647	There are indeed three Jokers, working together, orchestrating a grand trick upon Batman and the rest of the Bat-Family.
23648	There are instructions for coasters, hair bands, jewelry, a pencil case and more!
23649	"There are insurmountable hurdles for Mr Assange being granted bail," she said.
23650	There are kids dashing about – it's past their bedtime and they're full of adrenalin after eating their body weight in lollies.
23651	There are large numbers of working age adults in "gig" jobs or are "consultants" and who are not eligible for unemployment.
23652	There are layers and layers and layers of rigour and protections happening in (those) workplaces, and that’s really keeping us going,” Pigott said.
23653	There are limitations in directly comparing this mouse study and the human situation.
23654	There are many conclusions one can draw from the information presented in the post, and all of them are impossible to validate.
23655	“There are many factors that could contribute to an increase in deaths indirectly due to the pandemic, with disruptions to health care being one factor,” study author Lauren Rossen, from CDC’s National Center for Health Statistics, told Reuters.
23656	There are many HIV-positive individuals outside of the gay community who also face the stigmas of living with HIV.
23657	There are many more bad actors featured in who should be locked up along with him, but the real victims in this sad, sorry tale are all the animals who have been kept in these unnatural conditions with no recourse.
23658	There are many options to choose from, 2021 should be very interesting.
23659	There are many people here voicing the same concerns as I have.”
23660	“There are many potential hazards which are often very difficult to anticipate, so travelling at the appropriate speed is absolutely vital for any journey on a country road.
23661	There are many young adults, who are in no great danger even if they contract COVID-19, who are now feeling deprived of their freedom, who need society with others and who need to work as their money runs low; for them this is causing anxiety and anger.
23662	There are more “Star Wars” stories than even you can imagine, even if you think you can imagine quite a bit.
23663	"There are more than 10,000 small and medium enterprise members in these co-ops that will struggle to remain viable.
23664	There are multiple reasons why the optics of a Taylor promotion wouldn’t look great.
23665	There are myriad decisions that need to be taken and well, decisions take time.
23666	There are no answers to my questions, so I’m very reluctant to embrace any idea for financing this stuff if we don’t even know what the plan is.”
23667	There are no approved vaccines for the virus that causes COVID-19, but 19 candidates are being trailed in humans globally.
23668	“There are no compromises for our liberation,” he said.
23669	There are no descriptions available of people being sought in connection with the incident.
23670	There are no exemptions allowing discrimination against LGBTIQ people by religious organisations.
23671	There are no face masks – for pupils or teachers; lessons are outside whenever possible, and is hourly (eczema flare-ups abound).
23672	There are no fees for phone payments.
23673	There are no known other attack chains for the Windows vulnerability at this point.
23674	“There are no starting points,” he said.
23675	“There are no top-line numbers that have been agreed to,” Mr. Meadows said after the meeting, charging that Democrats were unwilling to make significant concessions.
23676	There are no unexplained abilities tied to it at all, just Jin's practice and study.
23677	“There are now a lot of services there that will mean people don’t have to go to our main campus.”
23678	There are no words to express sorrow to this loss,” the statement read.
23679	There are now second shows for Glendale, Arizona, East Troy, Wisconsin, and Toronto.
23680	There aren’t many details on what the OnePlus Concept One will look like — the company says only that it offers “an ever smoother, faster and more ‘burdenless’ experience” — a folding phone, perhaps?
23681	“There are obviously some gaps in the system.
23682	There are other ways to help if you cannot donate money.
23683	There are parents who have no idea what they are going to do about child care.
23684	There are people living in Borrego that can’t afford insurance, don’t drive, own cars or computers, or are even computer literate.
23685	“There are places where again, up until a month ago, for better or worse, a specific sentence prohibiting the use of chokeholds was not on anybody’s particular radar screen,” Hoch added.
23686	There are plenty of melodramatic ways to tell a story about an older man reaching a moment where he can no longer care for himself; Florian Zeller, adapting his own play with Christopher Hampton, turns it into a harrowing sort of psychological thriller.
23687	There are plenty of small counties where they were never closed or closure was never enforced.
23688	There are police barricades and police officers, members of a SWAT team, and another nondescript military personnel present.
23689	There are rapid advancements in the fields of technology in such a way that artificial intelligence is gaining prominence with many jobs being automated by robots and algorithms.
23690	There are reports that a helicopter has crashed in Taupō.
23691	There are reports that Khanna is working on a sequel to the show and will start working on a follow-up after the lockdown.
23692	There are revelations about Flynno's brother, the 'Mother Of One', and Father Sinnott; can they be connected?
23693	There arerings, bracelets and necklaces for those who aren’t afraid to be bold.
23694	There are several netball and tennis teams that were using the courts at the hall.
23695	There are several versions of Krisp, there's the desktop app which is available for macOS or Windows.
23696	"There are significantly different views of the impacts from breaching the dams on salmon, orca, agriculture, transportation and economics," the draft report summary states.
23697	There are so many areas across Windsor that are really shocking.
23698	There are so many new species to science that if you know what to look for, you can average one new species to science per day of field work."
23699	“There are some good, kind-hearted, generous people coming out of the woodwork.
23700	There are some households where no English is spoken, so the government needs to make sure they reach out to them.
23701	There are some locations, however, where the type of construction or the status of the project requires lane closures to remain in place for safety reasons.
23702	There are some signs for hope.
23703	There are some things in this world that are difficult to put into words.
23704	There are some things that belong to the municipal government, and city council is going to have to figure out what levers they are willing to use to support the business community.”
23705	There are systems in place that allow us to see them if we need to.”
23706	There are those who must travel for whatever reason, and making that experience as tolerable as possible is essential to keep the airlines in business.
23707	There are three things I have observed about what it takes to create community that this week has made clear.
23708	There are too many great FSU football players to mention.
23709	There are toys to promote math understandings, science skills and literacy.
23710	There are two distinct stories going on in : Clooney’s and Jones’.
23711	There are two glaring issues with this whole situation, one of them being that the song happens way too many times, in around 10 different episodes, and he generally sings it to both Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny at once.
23712	There are two Leveretts.
23713	There are two options when ascending the canyon.
23714	“(There are) two reasons we are trying to contain the virus.” said Cuomo.
23715	There are two types of surrogacy, a gestational carrier, and a traditional surrogate.
23716	There are various regarding the exact length and time frame of this mourning period.
23717	“There are what we call perennial allergens that never really go away,” said Dr. Anne Ellis, professor and chair of the division of allergy and immunology at Queen’s University.
23718	"The reason Cllr.
23719	The reason Cloudflare is able to accomplish this and offer this service for free it pretty much the same reason it had with plain 1.1.1.1 DNS: its vast network covering millions of Internet properties.
23720	The reason he's where he is today is just because he's the best.
23721	The reason is simply the purchase price, as Sweden abolished the tax on motor vehicles in 1996, while the tax in Finland varies between 2.7% and 48.9% depending on carbon emissions.
23722	“The reason she is here is because she can help influence the change that we need to make, and I know she is committed to it.”
23723	The reason they have all this information is because they can change the outcomes."
23724	"The reason why he is always injured is because we have sex seven to ten times a week,"
23725	The reason why most women feel left out of the political sphere is that you know, they will call a meeting at one o'clock in the morning.
23726	The reason why the date changes each year is because it is commemorated exactly 47 days before Easter Sunday, which also changes date each year.
23727	The rebels say Abiy’s government has marginalised and persecuted Tigrayans since taking office.
23728	Thereby, currently, VIL's remaining AGR dues stand at Rs54,754cr.
23729	There can be as many as three or four ability levels in just one classroom.
23730	The recent barrage of missile tests by North Korea is part political signaling, but it also has clear military and economic motivations.
23731	The recent deaths were a man in his 60s from Gloucester Township and a woman, also in her 60s, from Pine Hill.
23732	The recent defection of a North Korean soldier across the demilitarized zone (DMZ) that separates the two Koreas highlighted how difficult it is to cross from one Korea to the other.
23733	The recent democratic meltdown at the Iowa caucuses, during the U.S. presidential primary process, offers clear evidence that we’re not there yet.
23734	The recent downturn in oil prices resulting from significantly reduced demand due to the Covid-19 pandemic and recent OPEC actions is anticipated to significantly reduce oil well drilling in North America in 2020.
23735	The recent murder of an innocent young woman in Brampton this past week certainly demonstrates a failure in the system to protect its citizens.
23736	The recent regulations are not clear.
23737	The recent sighting has since sparked a lot of conspiracy theories from believers who strongly stand by a number of speculations of things hidden underneath the frozen continent.
23738	The reception from the Democrats will be closer to the hostility of Little Rock’s demonstrators.
23739	There certainly seems to be a proximity aspect to it, so it'll most likely use Bluetooth to handshake.
23740	The recipient of the Susan Lynn Green Scholarship was Shadow Youngblood, Catoosa County Campus.
23741	The recipients are determined by nomination only.
23742	The recognition is included in Ducks Unlimited magazine’s “2020 Public Land Hotspots,” a story highlighting places to find ducks and geese on public land in each of the four flyways.
23743	There comes a time when how much do you need?
23744	The Recording Academy highlights all these landmarks, including Wizkid’s recent feature in Beyonce’s ‘Lion King: The Gift’ album.
23745	"There could be tens of thousands of cases," he warned.
23746	The recount Trump plans to request is permitted under Wisconsin law in elections decided by less than one percentage point.
23747	The recovery and rebuilding from the fires is going to take all of us.
23748	“The recovery in the Chinese market has been very remarkable, and our key segments have returned to the previous year’s level if not slightly better,” CEO Makoto Uchida said at a press conference at the Beijing auto show via a video link from Japan.
23749	The Red Devils starting pitcher Tyler Hanson threw 3 2/3 innings, he gave up two hits, two runs, two walks and he recorded three strikeouts.
23750	The red-hot third baseman is locked in at the plate right now, just in time for the Red Sox to avoid the worst record in MLB.
23751	The Redlands Historical Museum Association has postponed its MOR-a-Palooza sale, which was to be held Aug. 8 and 9, because of recent increases in coronavirus cases in the area.
23752	The Reds signed the 31-year-old to a three-year, $21 million contract in the offseason, winning the bidding for his services as part of a roster makeover the team hopes will help it contend in the NL Central.
23753	The reduction in operations will be carried out over the next two months and doesn't come at a great time for the airline as they are already under a lot of pressure amid the anti-government protests in Hong Kong since last year.
23754	The reelection defeat of Peterson in Minnesota and some key retirements mean a shakeup is coming for the industry on Capitol Hill, with power likely to shift from the Midwest to the South and the coasts.
23755	The referee however has his mind on his half-time digestives, so he gets away with it.
23756	There followed two Kyrgios aces, and just past the hour mark, as he held serve with an emphatic love game, the momentum was tilting.
23757	Therefore, a balance needs to be found.
23758	Therefore, don’t even try it.
23759	Therefore, it aims to obtain as much power as it possibly can in any potential deal.
23760	Therefore, it can be said that the most important factor in the fight against the effects of the virus is the enhancement of the immune system in addition to personal hygiene.
23761	Therefore, Kymriah is not recommended for women who are pregnant or breast feeding.
23762	Therefore, let us all work towards a peaceful and prosperous Ghana,” President Nana Akufo-Addo emphasized.
23763	Therefore, look for an excuse as to why Joe can’t debate.
23764	Therefore, the similitude drawn in this verse refers to the act of fasting, not to Ramaḍān itself.
23765	Therefore, under fiscal policy, the burden is borne immediately while the benefits accrue in part in the present; and in part in the future depending upon the nature of the expenditures.
23766	The refreshed protocols and entry measures we have in place ensure a more seamless process so that our guests have the best experience possible.”
23767	The refrigerator is being left for the residents’ insurance company to investigate.
23768	The Regatta Hotel in Toowong, Darling & Co in Paddington, the Carindale Hotel and Brisbane CBD's Buffalo Bar will fling their doors open for the first time in nine weeks.
23769	The Regeneron monoclonal antibodies have been also filed for emergency use authorization, which is currently under review and is potentially reaching approval within the next few weeks.
23770	The regional medical officers of health, in consultation with the school, will then determine what the process has to be for the school in that situation.
23771	The region has made much progress since 2000, reducing its malaria death toll by 44 per cent – from an estimated 680,000 to 384,000 – but the pace has slowed in recent years, particularly in countries with a high disease burden.
23772	The registration of the FASTag chip has to be done at the POS at any toll plaza.
23773	The registry will not only support recruitment into the clinical trial, it will also assess the wellbeing of health care workers on issues such as workforce stress, burnout and other outcomes, and enable future trials.
23774	The regulators of the country are approachable and liberal.
23775	There had been more than 12,000 reports of coronavirus-related phishing emails made to the UK's fraud reporting service Action Fraud as of 12 June, a figure which will have increased over the last month.
23776	There has been a doubling in our homicide rate in the last three years,” Cloete said.“
23777	There has been a gang injunction in order for decades.
23778	There has been a large amount of dilution, and this has been a big driver in causing significant share price deterioration over the years, with the company raising £7 million via way of in July last year at just 3p.
23779	"There has been an improvement, since the annual number of facilities supported by AGPAHI in GBV and VAC services has increased from only 12 DREAMS sites to 472; a total of 14,589 post GBV/VAC received post GBV care," he said.
23780	There has been considerable activity on and off the field as Old Boys FC Management prepared for the possibility of a new season.
23781	There has been much speculation over whether Adele will perform on the NBC sketch show while H.E.R, born Gabriella Wilson, will sing her new single Damage.
23782	“There has been tremendous transparency on the raw numbers, on the numbers of cases and where they are,” Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on Thursday morning.
23783	There has been widespread sympathy for the 93-year-old Queen, who attended church at Sandringham on Sunday, arriving by car dressed in a camel-coloured coat and hat.
23784	There has long been a treasure trove of great athletes on Minneapolis’ North Side.
23785	There has long been debate why; homes say they can’t afford to pay more because Medicaid pays them too little, while advocates say many homes are run by chains or seeking to maximize profits.
23786	There have been 27 recoveries.
23787	There have been 30 homicides in the city, which matches the number seen in 2019.
23788	There have been 592 major accidents so far this year compared with 752 during the same period last year, a decrease of 21.3%.
23789	There have been almost 1,000 deaths and more than 18,000 infections across Africa so far, although these rates were far lower than those seen in parts of Europe and the US.
23790	There have been a multitude of issues with AEW's development of its women's division, but the biggest is that it still seems unclear if AEW is as serious about featuring its female talents as it has been with the male side of its roster.
23791	There have been a wealth of traditional stories (usually by guys like ) and tons of more far out and high concept adventures featuring military characters.
23792	There have been countless times where I have heard our from the other room and my husband has been clueless.
23793	There have been farmers that I know who have had to shoot their cattle when the fires went through.
23794	There have been four deaths, two in Harare, one in Bulawayo and one in Mashonaland West.
23795	There have been hundreds of social media posts showing our resiliency.
23796	‘There have been inflammatory comments and language by all sides of the debate and it has been difficult at the best of times to moderate five and a half thousand members comments whilst maintaining a working life, a family life and a social life.’
23797	There have been many exceptions.
23798	There have been repeated instances of Periyar statues being vandalised or desecrated in the recent past in the state.
23799	There have been reports of several Chinese naval and air intrusions in Taiwan and Japan.
23800	There have been rumors of a plan, even mentions of one, too, but nothing that would allow lawmakers, lobbyists and the public to realistically gather to conduct the peoples’ business in a relatively COVID-free environment.
23801	“There have been times where I’ve tried to keep the peace and stay quiet, but then at some point I’ll lose my patience and feel the need to stick up for my beliefs,” James explained.
23802	There have now been more than 60,000 cases and 1,300 deaths, with the vast majority of infected people in China.
23803	There have probably been lots of claims and criticisms flooding your mailbox and social media feeds about Measure C, the proposal to raise hotel taxes to fund a Convention Center expansion, homeless initiatives and road repairs.
23804	There, he dove off a 40-foot cliff to rescue two soldiers foundering in waters off the coast.
23805	There is a bright light at the end of this tunnel, and we are approaching the end of this horrible story.
23806	There is absolutely no basis to compare Sanders to Trump.
23807	There is absolutely no doubt, all actual epidemiologists agree, that the lockdown has been necessary and effective.
23808	There is absolutely nothing wrong with being patriotic.
23809	There is a counterbalancing need with people’s need to go on with life and people’s need to remain safe.
23810	There is a fix, of course, but that would require people to actually vote these guys out of the office and infuse it with new, progressive blood that is not beholden to any specific group, whether professional or religious.
23811	There is a gulf between those two points, though the latter still necessitates a targeted plan of action in his development.
23812	"There is a healthy debate on how we can eliminate this coronavirus or how we can live with it and this is being led by many distinguished academics, epidemiologists and other specialists,” Mr Green wrote.
23813	There is a law that is called the Electoral Acts.
23814	There is a light that says, “Merry Christmas, you filthy animal.”
23815	There is a lot of data to back that up.
23816	"There is a lot that we as faculty still cannot control in terms of the behavior of the community and the behavior of our students."
23817	There is also a 5G version in some regions.
23818	There is also a way to bring down non-discretionary spends.
23819	There is also study nook and the master bedroom with his-and-her walk-in robe and stunning ensuite with rainfall shower, freestanding bath, double vanity unit with marble benchtop, and floor-to-ceiling tiling.
23820	There is also the club’s political situation to consider, with Xavi believed to be key to the hopes of presidential candidate Victor Font, ahead of the club elections due next year.
23821	There is also the Mayor’s Choice award, chosen by the mayor of Litchville, who is currently Brad Botner.
23822	There is also the rare possibility of a severe allergic reaction which would usually occur within a few minutes to one hour after getting a dose of the COVID-19 vaccines.
23823	There is a need to revamp the old ways of doing things and start replacing our immediate gratification mindset with that of value creation.
23824	There is another procedure to eat roti by using a knife and fork.
23825	There is an unprecedented degree of uncertainty associated with the encounters.
23826	“There is a perception that poor people are lazy, but my experience has been that when I was poor it took all of my time and energy to survive, and there was always a lot left unfinished,” Brandow said.
23827	There is a riveting video on Twitter of a black man forcing a white man to leave the Capitol after he said he saw him attempting to break windows.
23828	There is a strategic component as well.
23829	There is as yet no known, easily accessible cure for COVID-19.
23830	There is a three-way tie for first place in the conference and a tie for the final seed in the conference tournament.
23831	There is a town, located in the north east of Slovakia, in the Šariš region, in the foothills of the smallest Slovak mountain range, Busov, hugged by natural and sacred beauties.
23832	“There is a very real chance that there could be a resurgence of cases of the virus,” she said.
23833	There is a viciousness to it all that is disturbing from teenage boys.
23834	There is a visible penis in his profile pic.
23835	There is "broad agreement on the key principles that could underpin a Fund-supported programme to help the next phase of the country's COVID-19 response and a strong multi-year effort to stabilize and begin reducing debt levels," the IMF said.
23836	There is, but it doesn’t show much, revisiting the tidal wave from last season rather than showing new footage, but it does announce that the show will return in January, just no specific date.
23837	There is debate over the validity of this temperature, but even if proved false Furnace Creek still comes top: a temperature of 54.4C was recorded this year.
23838	There is Dolby Atmos surround sound technology along with dedicated audio modes, namely cinema mode, game mode, and music mode.
23839	There is end-to-end visibility of the product cycle.
23840	There is generally a delay of a couple of weeks between someone falling ill and dying or getting better, so we can’t include recent cases in the analysis, because we don’t yet know what will happen to them.
23841	There is good news though: I bet it’s not gonna be long until we hear more about the new MacBooks and macOS.
23842	There is little likelihood that the Young Naturalist Club will be able to meet anytime soon at Brodick Castle and country park.
23843	There is more room in the market than ever for imaginative fiction.
23844	There is no cost to membership.
23845	There is no doubt that 2020 has been a challenging year for HSU, and its students, faculty, and staff.
23846	There is no give-and-take between the minority ethnicities to begin with.
23847	There is no incumbent in that race.
23848	There is no limit to how many tickets you can collect per month, so make sure to enter as many codes as you can to give yourself the best chance of winning.
23849	There is no modern western country where people need guns for their "safelty" except one, one really really stupid one, where cops kill people all the time because the cops are scared that the person has a gun.
23850	There is no more succession pact, nobody can force him into any succession agreement.
23851	There is no official release date or cast list currently available for the film.
23852	There is no problem about that.
23853	"There is no question there is going to be a substantial demand shock, and you’ve seen that particularly across a number of different sectors,” Comyn told a live-streamed event.
23854	There is no secret explanation for why Benton Harbor High School came to be this way, and no shortcut for how to make it better.
23855	There is no sign that this demand will slow down any time soon, especially since the International Monetary Fund (IMF) predicts Zambia to be the 9 fastest growing in the world from 2011 to 2015.
23856	There is no standardized method.
23857	There is no ‘Them’ – it is all ‘Us’.
23858	There is nothing available for capital investment at a time when we have a shortage of over 2000 schools.
23859	There is nothing magical.
23860	There is no wisdom in waiting for more complications and fatalities before the plight of those living with diabetes and other non-communicable diseases is taken seriously.
23861	There isn’t even a cot for my baby to sleep in.
23862	There is, of course, a possibility that the past stimulus is having a stronger impact—especially in the public sector.
23863	There is one confirmed case of the virus in Cambodia.
23864	There is optimism remote options will allow for more space for teachers, staff and students to physically distance in the classroom.
23865	“There is reason to be optimistic about economic restarts following the shutdowns,” the report said.
23866	There is still a stigma around taking time off especially in the midst of the global pandemic, which may prevent employees who need the time off from actually taking time off.
23867	There is such power and persuasion in Thomas Mayor's words ("To close this shameful chasm, PM, first you'll need to hear our Voice", February 13), and he recognises Uluru as the most spiritual place on the continent.
23868	“There is the problem of riches.
23869	There is up to 50 per cent off across My 1st Years in its early Black Friday sale, and we love this educational and fun personalised woodland animal shape sorter from the trusted brand.
23870	There it can be viewed on home computers and hand-held devices.
23871	The relationship had been stressful, but reliably consuming: the editor, several years my senior, had talked about marriage but wouldn’t stop cheating.
23872	There, Layton surveys the damage and realizes he's lost a lot more of his 400 troops than he thought he would have.
23873	The relevant decisions were made by the Board of the National Bank at a meeting to discuss the monetary policy on 11 November,” the information and public relations department noted.
23874	The remainder of koalas still in rehabilitation will continue to heal from their injuries.
23875	“The remaining 80 percent were rescued by citizens who neither had special rescue tools nor had been trained.
23876	The remains of the 22nd Mechanized Corps were streaming in disorder along the highway to Rovno, spreading panic as they went.
23877	The remark likely referred to Toni Morrison's that former President Bill Clinton was "our first black president."
23878	The remarks came after Civil Society Education Coalition (CSEC) urged government to allow standard eight and form four students to return to school so that they sit for examinations as there was no imminent threat of Coronavirus.
23879	The remarks of professors Jean-Paul Mira and Camille Locht met immediately with fury, with the words of Didier Drogba, Demba Ba and Samuel Eto’o attracting particular attention.
23880	The remarks were made by GTUC representatives in a meeting with Mr Hamilton.
23881	There might be a lot of pressure, but you only get to live that pressure once and pressure is privilege.'
23882	There might be a number of grounds for having a lower life expectancy than typical credit score, some of which are away from a client’s control.
23883	The remodel will include the installation of a new oven along with several additional updates.
23884	There must be a remedy to correct our entire electoral process before it is vanquished.
23885	There must be faith with simultaneous action.
23886	There must be four square metres per person.
23887	There must be uniformity from state to state, supported by strong and strictly enforced laws at the federal level.
23888	The Rendez-Vous will wrap with a diner for the foreign press and talents, as well as a ceremony honoring Olivier Assayas with the French Cinema Award.
23889	The rental version of God’s Own Country on is the correct version of my film.
23890	The reopening will likely bring back some staffers who were sent home to work or furloughed after the Fremont plant shuttered on March 23.
23891	The repair work that started few weeks ago, is done on slow pace, and traders, workers, motorists and pedestrians using these pathetic roads are facing lots of inconveniences and hardship”
23892	The report added that it is being used to combat COVID-19 as it inhibits the RNA polymerase which is required for viral replication.
23893	The report also forecasts additional 25-basis-point reduction in the key rates in the early part of the second half this year to end the year at 2.5 percent.
23894	The report also raised concerns about oversight and control weaknesses.
23895	The report answers these questions and more about the global finger splint market, aiding major stakeholders and key players in making the right decisions and strategizing for the advancement of their business.
23896	The report comes days before the anniversary of the second fatal MAX crash of an Ethiopian Airlines flight.
23897	The report compared Dallas with nine other major American cities: San Diego, Las Vegas, New York, Chicago, Phoenix, San Antonio, Los Angeles, Philadelphia and Houston.
23898	The report does not mention the fact that this is an IAI made Harop drone designed to loiter above the battlefield and attack targets by self-destructing into them.
23899	The reported average watch time on TikTok is forty-five minutes.
23900	The reporter, Kaitlin Rust, and her cameraman were “courageously and lawfully” covering the news when they were targeted, the station said in a statement.
23901	The report found that “there is little sign that global supply chains are returning to the United States” despite the Trump administration's tariffs on more than 360 billion U.S. dollars worth of Chinese imports.
23902	The reporting party eventually found a parking space and requested tickets be left on the offending vehicles.
23903	The report is expected to be completed this summer.
23904	The reports have been nothing but positive since last week’s scary moment, so it’s comforting evidence of Tanaka throwing can back all of it up.
23905	The report shows that levels of particulate matter, PM 10 and PM 2.5, the most harmful air pollutants, have dropped significantly.
23906	The Republicans are playing politics with people’s lives.
23907	The Republicans’ opener appeared to be a rebuttal to Democrats last week, who were sharp with their criticism of Trump’s presidency.
23908	There's 4 chars inside game files as well, right?
23909	“There’s a 14 day incubation period.
23910	“There’s a balance there,” the city attorney said of the various considerations at play.
23911	“There's a bit of Jamie Dimon in him I would have to say,” Biggar said.
23912	There’s a collection of interesting shops, a statue of a monkey eating grapes, and tucked in the back corner, Holzofenbäckei Bio Andreas, a terrific and rather quirky organic bakery that has a to its wood oven on its website.
23913	There’s a customary phrase that voters “go to the polls” on election day.
23914	There’s a delightful springiness and the flavour is full of discernible vanilla, butter and citrus, though just a touch less indulgent.
23915	There’s a good twist at the end and they kind of make fun of scary movies.
23916	“There’s a great deal of flexibility and we can determine what the criteria are within very broad parameters based on what we perceive to be the greatest need in the community.
23917	There’s a handy list in the prayer book, in case you forget.
23918	“There’s all kinds of things on the news and I think people are growing weary … and it’s only the beginning.
23919	“There’s a lot going on down here now, and we’ve been involved in a lot of things to improve the downtown.”
23920	There’s a lot of other football-track guys in that same position.
23921	There's a lot of reminders.
23922	“There’s a lot of research, and you hear ‘food insecurity,’ but you don’t know it until you live it,” said Nicolette Dioguardi, a retired lawyer who volunteers.
23923	There’s a lot of season left in the current campaign.
23924	There's a lot to cover there!
23925	There's also a library, a theater, atrium, studio and more, while the lavish grounds of the estate include a pool, a guest house, servants apartment and lounge and more.
23926	There’s also an ambient sound pass-through mode, which uses dual microphones feeding forward and backward.
23927	There’s also an option to ask the community, which may be a bit more time-consuming but can be useful if others have already encountered and fixed the update issue.
23928	There’s also a port for the 65-watt barrel charger.
23929	There’s also the debut of 6’3 redshirt freshman shooting guard Albert Jagla, who is the highest recruit in program history as the former No. 17 overall prospect in his class.
23930	There’s also the HBO original film debut of the on April 25th—I caught that one at TIFF and can attest it’s well worth watching.
23931	There’s also the stark question of merit: does the verisimilitude of deepness suffices for real meaning?
23932	There’s always an option out.
23933	"There's always been political influence on CDC publications, but it's been a lot stronger with the COVID situation," he said.
23934	There’s an honesty to it, less ego involved.
23935	There’s another set of factors to consider: Minnesota’s own dog in the fight to make fossil fuel companies pay for the damages they’ve inflicted on the planet.
23936	There's an undercurrent of empathy in 's songs, and it shines clearly whether Hayley's compositions are roaring with guitars, or sliding around much smoother grooves.
23937	There’s a particular interest, Huffaker said, in saving the main log cabin house, which is in decent condition but would likely still need a “complete renovation from the ground up.”
23938	There’s a pause for drinks, which allows me to catch up on some admin.
23939	“There’s a real disagreement between the president and his party in this election,” Conant explained.
23940	There’s a risk that fans might associate you with what have largely been lackluster shows.
23941	There’s been a lot of talk about what a “true” Mandalorian is.
23942	“There’s been issues, obviously,” he said.
23943	“There’s been no gatherings whatsoever that I’ve been aware of, even fringe ones.
23944	There's been no love lost between the two throughout the crisis.
23945	There's been only one inquiry since the video went up.
23946	There’s clearly bad blood between Roberta and Alice that Alice doesn’t want to even acknowledge.
23947	There's contradictions there, to celebrating belated freedom in this moment.
23948	The researchers also did not observe cross-reactivity of any SARS-CoV-2-targeting antibodies with other “common cold” coronaviruses.
23949	The researchers arrived at their conclusion by analyzing the responses of roughly 4.8 million adults, including nearly 8,000 police officers, who took the Implicit Association Test (IAT) between 2016-2019.
23950	The researchers from the University of Melbourne implanted two patients with Stentrode, in order to allow them to control a computer-based operating system.
23951	The researchers had to use an analysis method developed for fish in the Pacific Ocean—because that was the only existing option.
23952	The researchers kept the subjects in hypnagogia for as long as possible by issuing new trigger words each time they started to fall asleep.
23953	The researchers plan to start trials of the system within the next six months, with preliminary tests on artificial torsos known as phantoms.
23954	The researchers point out that excessive sugar consumption can have the same type of dehydrating effect as salt — that’s why one of the early symptoms of type-2 diabetes is dry mouth.
23955	The researchers wanted to study which factor affected the species richness of pollinators to the greatest extent – population density or vegetation cover.
23956	The research report also said the ongoing demand for “convenience options such as curbside pickup and accelerated at-home delivery-same-day options” will continue for some time.
23957	There seems to be divide opening up between those who think 'I'm alright, this suits me' and those who work in industries that are dying in front of their eyes.'
23958	The Reserve Bank of India left the repo rate unchanged at 4% and reverse repo rate at 3.35%.
23959	There’s gangs everywhere, street shit everywhere.
23960	“There shall be no inward or outward movement of any person from these villages and people shall stay at their homes.
23961	There she had to fight fiercely as a woman in the field and eventually left to work with Frank and their friends, George and Luanne Rogers in their own business growing plants and delivering them to Bay Area nurseries.
23962	There should be many more years of this show.
23963	The resident was playing music at a very reasonable level for the time of day and this did not amount to a violation.
23964	There’s karaoke at Broadway’s Lounge on Friday, Feb. 7, 9 p.m.
23965	“There’s literally no harm done by debating this important topic.”
23966	There’s many small expenses, but they are starting to add up, so we ask for small contributions,” said Mintz.
23967	There's much more here than meets the eye.
23968	“There’s no better way to inspire future visitors than by showing off all Montana has to offer.”
23969	There’s no bluffing in this game, and your only opponent is the dealer – no matter how many are seated at the table.
23970	“There’s no doubt we still have a way to go with the equity raises,” he said.
23971	There’s no escaping soy once you’ve met her and appreciated her charms.
23972	There's no one way to be with people you love.
23973	There’s no one way to make an exquisitely preserved dinosaur: Sometimes it happens when a dinosaur is quickly buried in ash; others dry out in the open for a while.
23974	There's no shortage of those in and it's widespread within the Republic and The Galactic Empire's jurisdiction.
23975	There's not a night that's complete without it.
23976	There’s nothing stopping you from voting by mail today.
23977	There’s nothing the character isn’t capable of figuring out if he’s given enough time.
23978	“There’s no tougher game than a game to clinch a series, and it’s going to be no different in Game 4,” New York captain Anders Lee said.
23979	There’s no truth to Charlotte’s delight or George being “more excited by” a lego set “than the idea of a sibling.”
23980	There’s no way to alter this behavior.
23981	There’s no winning in the worldview Donald Trump Jr has laid out, and that’s precisely what he and his comrades the right want: A neverending battle against phantom threats.
23982	There's no word on display specifications (yet), but previous Omen 15 models were available with a 15.6-inch 144Hz 1080p panel or a 60Hz 4K panel.
23983	The resolution 30/1 on promotion on reconciliation in Sri Lanka was co-sponsored in 2015 by the then Lankan government.
23984	The resolution calls for the testing of all staff and residents at nursing homes and other long-term care facilities and provides personal protective equipment, if requested.
23985	The resolution was unveiled on the same day the IOC revealed they would be delaying the establishment of a Human Rights Advisory Committee, with the IOC Executive Board deciding to further develop its strategy on the topic.
23986	There’s one thing for sure, for apart from injury or illness, I will be back for another season next year.”
23987	There’s only one problem for the Trump campaign — the economic message is all they have.
23988	The resort is opening at partial capacity this year, with one of its premier peaks entirely closed.
23989	“There’s other things that they can do, we’ve talked about incentivizing people to get out and eat, and get out and see some of our local experiences, enjoy some of these things with a tax deduction for this year,” he explained.
23990	The resource book will be a single point of reference for organizations, and services available to seniors, and will be updated every two years.
23991	There's plenty of creative options that the franchise could move forward with though.
23992	There's plenty of supply."
23993	There’s power in his shot but it’s straight at de Gea who can’t get enough behind it to keep it out.
23994	There’s room for four cars in an underground basement, which also has a workshop.
23995	There's Schmidt's need to be in control and Winston's lovable but quirky nature.
23996	'There's snow on the seats!'
23997	“There’s so many more things than to be bothering these guys who just want to have a good time.
23998	There’s so many patients that are not being treated that I think risdiplam, as an oral and bioavailable agent, is very well suited for these patients.
23999	There’s some ambiguity as to whether the Treasury Department requires some of the questionable terms be flagged for review or the payment processors are pre-emptively blocking anything vaguely related to the designated entities.
24000	There’s something about witnessing virtually complete strangers navigate the visa process, while trying to build a romantic relationship.
24001	“There’s something really satisfying about coming back to a phrase that I was frustrated with and then finally finding the thing that makes it click,” Roth said.
24002	There's something theme park-like about the way the experience all seems to blend.
24003	The restart pushed through despite early roadblocks such as fears of a potential outbreak in the community and players opting out due to the health risk and social justice concerns.
24004	The restaurant reopened Monday morning with a ribbon cutting.
24005	“There’s these homes that are vacant, and they belong to the community.”
24006	The rest of the laptop is built like most of Apple’s MacBook Pro models, with a very solid aluminum chassis and a 13.3-inch 2560x1600 resolution screen hitting 500 nits.
24007	The rest of The Pend will remain as it is and there will be no loss to the facility.
24008	The result, according to sociologist Kathryn Edin, was a skyrocketing number of people in the world’s richest economy who are “virtually cashless” and living on less than $2 a day.
24009	The result has been thousands of fatalities, with the very older people who enthusiastically voted for both Brexit and the Tories, sadly, likely to bear the brunt of the pandemic.
24010	The resulting conversations with other agents of The Oppenheim Group hascast member Davina Potratz.
24011	The resulting “” only affected 2,741 British volunteers — a fraction of the total testing pool.
24012	The result is a smartly written movie.
24013	“The result is in line with the EU’s 5G Toolbox for 5G.
24014	The result is that there is a ton of growth in the forest that would have been burned out by smaller fires in the past, but is now just waiting as fuel for the big ones.
24015	The result leaves Arsenal six points adrift of fifth position and potentially Champions League qualification after Manchester City's Uefa ban for the next two seasons.
24016	The result of the filter is perceptible, but hard to notice unless compared side by side with an original non-filtered video.
24017	The result of the lawsuit will bind the people, who are the class members.
24018	The results for Pokémon of the Year were on National Pokémon Day, which is also when The Pokémon Company revealed the monkey-like Zarude.
24019	The results from LabCorp are expected by the beginning of next week.
24020	The results from these Predecessor and Successor periods are not comparable.
24021	The results returned positive on May 15.
24022	The result was a $250 million support package.
24023	The result was a vicious urban battle 27 American troops dead, along with roughly 200 insurgents and 600 civilians.
24024	The result was steep ridership declines.
24025	There’s unclaimed money awaiting President Trump, Jeff Bezos, Bill and Hillary Clinton, Eliot Spitzer and billionaire Mike Bloomberg’s firm, according to records from Comptroller Tom DiNapoli’s office.
24026	There’s very little data on autism in homeless populations, but conducted in Wales by the National Autistic Society Cymru reported that 12 per cent of their adult participants disclosed being homeless at some point in their lives.
24027	There the investigating officer in the case searched panels at the back of the refrigerated container where he found two compartments containing 20 and 18 bricks of cocaine wrapped in brown tape.
24028	There they raised three children, Tom, Sally, and Martha, before moving to a home on Elm Street in Bridgton where Esther lived for over 45 years.
24029	The retirement fund body has decided to provide 8.5% interest rate on EPF deposits for 2019-20, one of the highest among all fixed income instruments.
24030	The retrospective will feature clips from past episodes and interviews with stars of the series and other celebrities.
24031	The return of Trump to his business empire is not going to solve its problems.
24032	The reveal showed the nametape — “US Space Force” handsomely stitched in navy embroidery — oddly affixed to a woodland camouflage top.
24033	The revelation forms part of a report by Public Health England (PHE) that still hasn't been published in full by the government, in a section newly obtained by Sky News.
24034	The revenue generated from the approved tax increase, if passed, would help address expenditures due to the increasing enrollment, according to the district.
24035	The Reverend Cotton Mather admitted that Goodwin (later his parishioner) “had no proof that could have done her (Glover) any hurt.”
24036	The review, published in the journal Gastroenterology, could provide diagnostic hint for clinicians who suspect their patients might have the deadly disease.
24037	The Rev. Tony Spell, who claims that congregants at Life Tabernacle Church in Central City have been cured of cancer and HIV, said that coronavirus is “politically motivated.”
24038	There was 2004 at Shinnecock Hills, where Mickelson’s double bogey on the 17th hole paved the way for Retief Goosen.
24039	There was a bouquet of flowers, black and gold Nike shoes and people growing emotional in Bryant jerseys.
24040	There was a downturn in UK productivity….
24041	There was a hit but the case was closed, though the woman and her attacker both live in the same community.
24042	There was allegedly a technical issue with the manner in which the lawfully owned firearm was stored -— and we expect the matter to be resolved shortly.”
24043	There was also a question and answer portion at the end of each presentation.
24044	There was also a session with Neeraj Arya of Kabir Cafe.
24045	There was ample reason for DOC officials to be concerned about the inmate health care system when they wrote the emails, but the changes they implemented weren’t enough to prevent further problems from occurring.
24046	There was an explosion of information, discussion and debates galore on the news channels and social media on and before 31 July this year as the Rafales set course from Merignac in France to their home in Ambala.
24047	There was a picture of the inside of my head on the screen, taken from above.
24048	There was a sad page in our history when we asked some nationals of our West African neighbours to go by all means because the thinking then was that they were undocumented immigrants.
24049	There was a sense of appreciation when competition resumed in the gymnasium again.
24050	There was a time when Josh Boone's looked like it may never see the light of day (at least not on the big screen), but following the release of a brand new trailer early last month, the movie is well on track for its April 3rd release.
24051	There was a time when many African circles readily invoked, even embraced No longer ago than March 2017, the AU’s Peace and Security Council voted in favor of a referendum for self-determination in Western Sahara.
24052	There was a tricycle race for the kids.
24053	There was cake involved that they brought.
24054	“There was definitely shock and sadness at finding out 30 years later that I was never baptized.
24055	'There was good evidence provided in support of that.
24056	There was just a thread going on about the top places in the US to find work.
24057	There was less good news for Ferrari, with Sebastian Vettel getting caught out in Q1, which forced him out in the first segment, meaning he will start P17.
24058	There was little oxygen in the atmosphere, and life consisted largely of microbes.
24059	There was no Constitutional basis to extend federal government power beyond the term limit.
24060	There was no immediate reaction from the All Progressives Congress either in Edo state or Abuja.
24061	There was no one else left to do it.
24062	There was no satiety; the more we had the more I wanted.
24063	There was no sign of the shooter, and police officers and Riverside County sheriff’s deputies initiated a search of the area using K9 teams, but the suspect was not located and remains at large, police said.
24064	“There was no smoke, no fire or anything but it was a pretty hard impact,” Fedorchuk said.
24065	There was nothing that Jeff Grosso wouldn’t do to uplift skateboarding & the people around it.
24066	There was pressure that the DCC was a bid to steal Government property and some things were bought on credit to feed the children of which we have not been able to pay till date,” he said.
24067	There was segregation, discrimination, Klu Klux Klan, Jim Crow and more killings.
24068	There was something natural going on with you guys.”
24069	There was sometimes a piano in the apartment when she visited her mother.
24070	There was that taste of action at the beginning, but then it became more about his journey of self-discovery and working out which direction his life is headed in.
24071	There was very little crossover between patrons of traditional and non-traditional businesses, resulting in decreasing social cohesion, the report says.
24072	“There was very little drinking involved.
24073	There were 103 cases of coronavirus reported in the city on Friday and two deaths, according to the city.
24074	There were 10,784 deaths registered in the UK in the week ending 18 September, about 2% above the expected level for this time of year.
24075	There were 35 people injured on the roads during the storm, according to a tweet.
24076	There were 630 people tested Thursday, with results not expected back until early next week.
24077	There were a lot of interesting lightning talks, but a few stood out in part for the cool websites and packages being demo’d as well as the presentations themselves.
24078	There were also demonstrations on how to make a healthy meal and activities on the affects of alcohol.
24079	There were always blockades.
24080	“There were a million thoughts going through my mind, but I never thought someone had died.
24081	There were at least two attacks just weeks ago, including most recently previously on Jan.
24082	There were claims that Justice had been physically abusive during their relationship.
24083	There were conflicting reports about whether the event was held indoors or outdoors, but video said to be from the scene appeared to show attendees in an open air structure.
24084	There were never strong liberal feminist organisations in Britain as part of second wave feminism – unlike in the United States were the National Organisation of Women occupied that space.
24085	There were no issues to be decided in this election so that left the ballots to those who chose a party.
24086	There were no reports of damage or injuries.
24087	There were objections to requiring members to ask permission from the presiding officer for permission to remove a mask while speaking from the well of the Senate.
24088	There were plenty of both as a raucous crowd of protesters stood nose to nose with state troopers, screaming into their faces, demanding access to the House floor.
24089	There were technical issues, all these inconsistencies in results in precincts across the state.
24090	There were ten new deaths reported this week, bringing the total number of deaths related to COVID-19 in the province to 187.
24091	"There were times that I would get angry that I can't carry children or that it's a big process to have a biological kid … And then there are some people who say, 'You're never going to have kids', and I think that's what hurts most out of anything."
24092	'There were times where I wasn't sure it was going to survive.
24093	There will also be provision of small grants of N50,000 to support the survival of 100,000 businesses most affected by the pandemic.
24094	There will be 60 winners each day of the promotion.
24095	There will be additional tours highlighting technologies produced in labs on MSU’s campus, including microalgae production and a Tenebrio molitor (mealworm) mass culture.
24096	There will be a lot of death,” he said at the White House.
24097	“There will be an impact on mobile phone prices between 1.5 and 3 per cent,” industry body ICEA National Chairman Pankaj Mohindroo said in a statement.
24098	There will be an opportunity to receive the sacrament of reconciliation.
24099	There will be a private family burial.
24100	There will be many other corporations queuing up behind the airlines.
24101	“There will be no possibility for frictionless trade between the EU and UK after this deal,” he added.
24102	There will be some examples of schools where various activities have taken place over the summer, but there won’t be a tradition of catch-up classes in the summer holidays.”
24103	There will be three minutes of stoppages.
24104	There will not be much more on offer for Broad in India.
24105	There would obviously be litigation to that.
24106	There you will see first hand a situation different from what you see and hear in the news," Wang said, denying claims of abuse in prison camps for ethnic Uighurs.
24107	The Rialto has a colorful history, and no shortage of ups and downs.
24108	The Richmond PD has partnered with the Office of Traffic Safety to purchase several new portable radar signs.
24109	The richness of the tones and textures provides a decided allure, given added charm through Vega’s personality and perspective.
24110	The ridge and farm themselves are so vibrantly depicted that they take on an almost ethereal role, as colorful as the characters who tread there.
24111	The ripples from the case extended further when a day after the ruling Ibragimov was asked to step down as a mentor from a social program that assigns professionals to mentor children with special needs.
24112	The rise comes as the government today scolded 'shameful' panic-buyers and pleaded with the frenzied shoppers to consider more vulnerable people before emptying the nation's supermarkets.
24113	The rise in at-home deaths could be preventable.
24114	The rise in inflation is largely the result of higher prices at the pump and airfares falling by less than a year ago.
24115	“The rise in the cases is the result of disregard to the SOPs,” he concluded.
24116	The rising threat is widely recognised.
24117	The risk costs for the credit portfolio remain low.
24118	"The risk is much great now because we know there is more Covid in the population that we had in July, August and the beginning of September.
24119	“The risk of blood clots with Covid-19 appears to be even greater than the increased risk of blood clots seen in other severe illnesses.”
24120	The risqué nature of Sonders’ most recent update proved to be a quick hit with her fans, racking up thousands of likes in its first hour after being uploaded.
24121	The River Usk in Brecon.
24122	The river will be open to the public this summer for walking, fishing and bird watching, as long as people wear face coverings and observe social distance protocols.
24123	Thermal cameras were installed near the aerobridge itself.
24124	The R number refers to the rate of reproduction of the virus.
24125	The road blockade disrupted vehicular traffic on the route.
24126	The road is already eroding there.
24127	The road streak is the third-longest in NCAA history and second-best active stretch, trailing only Connecticut’s in the Athletic American Conference.
24128	The Roanoke Rail Yard Dawgs and the Southern Professional Hockey League have announced that they are targeting mid-to-late December for the start of the 2020-2021 regular season.
24129	The Rocket is there to lift the trophy, but would rather lose in round one than lose out at any other stage.
24130	“The rockets were wiped out but a machine gun nest, spared in the barrage, had to be taken by the troops.”
24131	“The rock hit the soldier directly in the head.
24132	The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles has released guidelines to reopen churches for private prayer and public Mass as early as this week.
24133	The rooftop plants are being installed under the ‘Resco’ model, wherein solar projects are built and operated by the developer using its own capital, taking the financing burden off from the schools.
24134	The rookie rusher was in the same situation, getting mental reps during the walk-through.
24135	The roommate hid in a bedroom and eventually called the police.
24136	The room she walked into as an accomplished adult — a successful lawyer and married mother of two — was not the same 200-square-foot space she’d once called home.
24137	The Roosters face Super League champions St Helens at the Totally Wicked Stadium (kick-off 0630 Sunday AEDT) in a repeat of the first ever match-up between the best club sides in Australia and England 44 years ago.
24138	The round of 16 clash at Anfield on March 11, which holders Liverpool lost 3-2 to crash out of the competition, was attended by about 52,000 fans including about 3,000 from Spain, which went into a complete lockdown a few days later.
24139	The router can be fully managed using the Nighthawk mobile app.
24140	The royal couple has a baby son Archie, who was born in May 2019.
24141	The royal insiders also held Countess Sophie in high esteem, and spoke of her "natural charm" and "genuine warmth".
24142	The Royal Navy was busy Feb. 3 offloading heavy military vehicles in the Belgian port of Antwerp.
24143	The RTUs will conduct testing and screening of all personnel at the unit’s home station, and only confirmed negative personnel will deploy to the NTC.
24144	“The rulemaking power is like a big knife that they keep tucked away in a drawer,” says Mitchell.
24145	The rules vary by state, but typically employees have to have lost their jobs through no fault of their own, have a minimum level of prior earnings from recent employment, be ready to take new positions immediately and be actively seeking work.
24146	The rule will affect the estimated half a million British citizens with holiday homes on the Continent.
24147	The ruling doesn't impact ballots received by the time polls close on Election Day, but sets the stage for post-election litigation.
24148	The rupee, which hit 20.15 against the dirham (74.02 against the US dollar) on Friday, could cross its lowest mark of 20.24 against the UAE currency achieved in 2018, according to Rajiv Raipancholia, chief executive officer of Orient Exchange.
24149	The rush to live and work online also implicates control of access to personal information, perhaps a little heavier along the security dimension.
24150	The Russian Defence Ministry said that military transport planes would deliver eight mobile brigades of military medics, special disinfection vehicles and other medical equipment to Italy this week, The Independent reported.
24151	The Russian Olympic Committee and Russian Paralympic Committee both said they had filed to seek that status Friday.
24152	'The Russians could do it.
24153	The S2W examines the data using artificial intelligence to establish “links among multiple domains and among multiple timeframes.”
24154	The SADC Summit is responsible for the overall policy orientation and monitoring of community functions, making it a supreme decision-making institution on the organization's projects.
24155	The sad reality is there’s still a tremendous amount of division within the black community – and the battle lines usually separate black liberals and black conservatives.
24156	The safest choice is to stay home.
24157	“The safety of patients is an essential prerequisite, especially where the authorisation of vaccines is concerned,” said Swissmedic director Raimund Bruhin.
24158	The Salafi side in contrast, and until recently, tended to shy away from politics with little consideration to its nuances as they saw things through the prism of prohibited and permissible ‘’.
24159	The salary report comes from scooper Daniel Richtman, who says Feige and Disney are hoping to lock down a massive deal for Reynolds.
24160	"The sale of the club will not affect the players' contracts in any way.
24161	The salespeople have misrepresented card rewards and fees, checked credit reports without consent and, in some cases, issued cards that weren't sought.
24162	The sale will be cash only, and visitors are reminded to wear masks and practice social distance.
24163	The Salisbury Poisonings does that and humanizes the ordinary people doing these extraordinary things.
24164	The Salt Lake County Health Department has for businesses to keep employees and customers safe during the pandemic.
24165	The same advice applies to letters to a romantic partner, a family member, a friend or someone who made a difference in your life.
24166	The same ambivalence and evasiveness marks Amarinder’s stand on the three Acts of the Government of India on farm marketing.
24167	The same bridge my family weaved through in terrible traffic to see the mid-Autumn festival light show just a year ago.
24168	The same can be said when it comes to achieving health improvements.
24169	The same cannot be said for most other similar titles.
24170	The same day, Pompeo told ABC that killing Soleimani was important “because this was a fella who was the glue, who was conducting active plotting against the United States of America, putting American lives at risk.”
24171	The same people that showed up at Jegede's rally were the same people that attended Aketi's rally.
24172	The same requirement regarding height and makeup is applicable to fuller figured women, however, pants size measurement must be between 38cm and 44cm.
24173	The Samoan flavour will be strong with Faasuamaleaui to lock horns with Penrith trio Moses Leota, Brian To'o and Jarome Luai whom he all played alongside this time last year in a Test against Fiji.
24174	The sample ballots did not have a bar code.
24175	The sample is usually collected from a throat or nasal swab.
24176	The samples of about 9 lakh people have so far been obtained for testing,” he said.
24177	The Samsung Galaxy Note20 Ultra we’re seeing here is rumored to have 12GB RAM and either 256 or 512GB internal storage.
24178	The sanctuary provided a home for the the team's white tigers and other exotic animals, such as a Komodo dragon.
24179	The San Diego Earthquake Planning Scenario report examines the possible outcome of such an earthquake on the Rose Canyon fault line, which runs through the heart of downtown San Diego.
24180	The sandwich chain tweeted: “We are aware of Julian Metcalfe’s comments this morning, but he has not run the business for over ten years and we do not agree with his opinion.
24181	The Sandy Springs Development Authority did that in 2014 for the Weber School, a private school.
24182	The San Francisco-based ride-hailing giant brought in $2.24 billion in revenue during the second quarter, down 27% from the same time last year, on a constant currency basis, the company said Thursday.
24183	The Santa Fe clinic is averaging about 80 to 90 patients a day, including primary care patients.
24184	The Santa Margarita River is seen flowing through Temecula Canyon Gorge, southeast of Temecula in 2009.
24185	The SAPM also informed the Sindh chief secretary about the findings of the sugar inquiry commission including evidence of payments to cane growers that were under the support price.
24186	The Saudi government didn’t immediately respond to CNN’s request for comment.
24187	The savings from USPS cost-reduction efforts have dwindled in recent years.
24188	The scale and manner of the defeat‚ coupled with how they were outplayed‚ is the major concern.
24189	The scale of funding required however is significantly larger than what is currently available.
24190	The scale of the Jan.
24191	The scenery and weather changes in a variety of ways in Turkey.
24192	The scheme is open and will remain so until 30 June, but anyone applying must be living in the UK by the end of this year.
24193	The school board Tuesday took the first step toward publicly recognizing every student who graduates with at least a 3.3 grade-point average.
24194	The school is following the trend of other collegiate and professional sports teams in offering Rebels fans the opportunity to purchase cutouts of themselves that will be placed on seats at the stadium.
24195	The school is holding an event for 35 prospective families next week, and Kushnir anticipates as many as five to 10 could wind up enrolling their children.
24196	The school said it would only sell individual-game tickets if fans are allowed to attend fall sporting events at a later date.
24197	The school’s HSC students weren’t affected by the threat as they are completing their exams this year in the Yass Soldiers’ Memorial Hall, which is located away from the school on the town’s main street.
24198	The schools will not be allowed to increase fees, or charge parents an annual fee or transportation fee.
24199	The school welcomes all teachers in Surry County as well as the community to visit and order from the food trucks.
24200	The school welcomes new teachers Linda Powell (gr 1), Dean Collocott (gr 4), Leila van der Merwe (gr 6) and Jeandrè Michau (assistant sports coordinator) and wishes them a happy and successful time as part of the team.
24201	The school will have a voluntary at-home option that must be requested by the parents or student, allowing the student to participate in classes streamed online.
24202	The scientists can still communicate with Voyager 2, even in interstellar space, but the data takes about 16.5 hours to travel back to Earth.
24203	The scientists found that people who were born when H1N1 was dominant have a much lower susceptibility to influenza during seasons dominated by that virus than during seasons dominated by H3N2.
24204	The scientists tested 20 antibodies against the virus and found that four of the antibodies had the capability of blocking the virus from attaching itself to human host cells.
24205	The scientists who did that study used different names for the strains they studied, and the research was done earlier than the G614 study.
24206	The score marks her return from an arm injury with a personal best and a second-place finish.
24207	The scorer of, arguably, one of the greatest free-kicks of all time, Carlos has been lauded as one of the best attacking full-backs to have played the game.
24208	The scores were level on the hour mark at Saracens' Allianz Park ground in north London when the fly-half was dismissed for a high hit on Wasps teenage back Charlie Atkinson.
24209	The Scots also get an autumn bank holiday for St. Andrews Day which falls on November 30.
24210	The Scott brothers have yet to announce the other celebrities who will be gifting their friends and family with home renovations that will change their lives.
24211	The Scottish Association for Marine Science (SAMS) has launched a range of clothing to promote Earth’s largest ecosystem.
24212	The Scottish film-maker’s earlier, more “difficult” works – Ratcatcher and Morvern Callar – are more critically respectable, but her stunning adaptation of Lionel Shriver’s latter-day sensation novel feels like the coming together of a mighty talent.
24213	The Scottish Greens are an independence-supporting Party.
24214	The Scourging at the Pillar—for the grace to deny self.
24215	These 50 accessories are all $50 or less and will save you time, money, and your sanity.
24216	These actions range from increased education and communication, to assistance for those that may require isolation and quarantine, to greater collaboration regionally and statewide to improve testing capacity.
24217	These additional powers are wielded by junior commanders from the first notice of alleged misconduct to the trial itself.
24218	The Seahawks tried him there but most of the time, if a lineman got a hand on him he was done.
24219	These anti-vaccine activists are seeking to capitalize on resistance to existing public health measures along with concerns that the hunt for Covid-19 shots has been politicized.
24220	These are all eternal issues, but I think this is the moment where we have to tackle how money flows and how power works in our sector.
24221	These are both shown in the bottom pane.
24222	These are conditions that would likely have gone unchecked on the streets.
24223	These are different types of businesses, but change needs to happen to keep downtown thriving.
24224	"These are extraordinary circumstances.
24225	These are family friends who’ve known each other for years,” said Edward.
24226	These are full face beats using a dozen or so products to highlight and sculpt the face.
24227	These are hotly debated questions and simple answers are hard to come by.
24228	“These are not easy decisions to make,” said Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst with Atmosphere Research Group in San Francisco.
24229	These are other forms of assistance extended by the government to ease the burden of families amid the coronavirus lockdown.
24230	These are part of bundles featuring the likes of the Phlebotomozier Lethal Equipment throwing knife for the former as well as a melee blueprint that turns a weapon into a one-handed hammer for the latter, among other thematic items.
24231	These are people who bought or leased residential property with the sole intention to list them on Airbnb.
24232	These are preventable deaths.
24233	These are really tough times.”
24234	These are specialized supply chains with few ready substitutes.
24235	These are talks we have, where we try to estimate the future.
24236	These are the findings of a study in mice, conducted by the Ohio State University, which have been published in the Journal of the American Heart Association.
24237	These are the first elections since Bolsonaro, a far-right former army captain often compared to US President Donald Trump, surged to victory in 2018, upending the political gameboard in Latin America's biggest economy.
24238	These are the IMF’s special form of money and its value is made up of a composite of a basket of currencies.
24239	These are the small businesses that keep Denver humming, that give this city so much of this character, now closed for who knows how long.
24240	"These are the types of crimes that often involve people known to one another," Cadigan said.
24241	These are tough times, no doubt about it, but finding a good burger in the Mission can’t be that tough!
24242	These are two different scenarios.
24243	These are typically available on the website of the state election board or the secretary of state.
24244	These are white, yellow, blue, coral, red or black.
24245	The Season 2 order includes eight one-hour episodes, and production will begin in 2020.
24246	The season-ending FedEx Cup playoffs are due to run from mid-August to early September.
24247	The season finale of will air on NBC this Saturday night, May 9th, at 11:30 pm ET.
24248	"These athletes represented the future of the WNBA," Engelbert said of the three girls.
24249	The seats, too, are tied into the life-forces of the person sitting in them: they feature haptic feedback, recording vital data by measuring the driver’s breathing patterns.
24250	The Seattle-based company largely operates cargo ports.
24251	These bags are made available with great color selection and combinations.
24252	These black peppercorns are grown by the Parameswaran family in Thirunelly, Kerala, in India.
24253	These boxes will contain blast-frozen casseroles, Brunswick stew meal kits and assortments of shelf-stable food items.
24254	"These budget gaps are a direct result of this pandemic, and they are forcing painful decisions, including layoffs, furloughs, and cuts to essential government services when our residents need them the most," stated the letter.
24255	‘These can be used to remind you that panic is not dangerous and isn’t harmful,’ she explains.
24256	These cells are found in your bone marrow and also the blood stream.
24257	These changes will start to roll out to Insiders later this month.
24258	These combined heroes and villains of both companies into one personality.
24259	These comments are certainly interesting, as some have argued that Steve was actually worthy throughout his life.
24260	“These companies are getting government relief, government relief," Febrero said.
24261	“These companies have an opportunity to encourage Americans to stay home – slowing the virus’s spread – and boost national spirits during this festive time of year.”
24262	These companies will be fully functional in February 2021 after the enactment of the Industrial Hemp Bill and the Controlled Substances Bill.
24263	The secondary market stock price is affected by, among others, the economic situation, industry changes, market fluctuations, and the operating performance of listed companies, therefore, there are investment risks involved in the Investment.
24264	The second batch of stranded Pakistanis, who have been provided with free tickets thanks to the sponsorship by Galadari Brothers, at Sharjah airport ahead of their departure to Islamabad.
24265	The second dimension is emotion.
24266	The second grouping is of those who are justifying demotion and division of the state but intriguingly counting on the virtues of the Dogra rulers and their generals.
24267	The second is for people to stop buying pangolin products.
24268	The second location is Big Tide Brewing Company at 47 Princess St. in Saint John.
24269	The second period was full of grade A chances for both teams, but the two goalies stood strong and kept things knotted at one.
24270	The second picture was taken almost a year to the day before British youngster Madeleine McCann disappeared from the apartment in Praia da Luz where she was on holiday with her parents.
24271	The second scenario might be the wisest choice, for a couple of reasons.
24272	“The second thing is that human waste like stool and urine contain Covid-19 and when you flush the toilet it will cause some particles to escape,” he went on.
24273	The second witness Monday was Cpl.
24274	These countries also have important tourism industries, meaning they were hit particularly hard by travel restrictions and the cost of following new sanitary measures.
24275	“These countries have dealt with coronavirus and are coming out if it with very few problems, in terms of their economies.
24276	The Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mr Chiedu Ebie, who is the Chairman of the Negotiation Committee disclosed this on Friday after signing the minimum wage documents on behalf of the state government.
24277	"The section of park on the corner of Samuel and Jade street will now forever be a place of remembrance and reflection," Cr Cunningham told the chamber.
24278	The sector made $182 million the previous year, according to figures compiled by Deloitte and released by Commercial Radio Australia.
24279	The sector with the lowest average 1-year z-score was MLPs (-1.34), followed by Convertibles (-1.29).
24280	The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Monday extended the timeline for the implementation of the guidelines for portfolio managers by three months to October 1 in the wake of the Covid-19 crisis.
24281	These customers might be considered,” the bank said in a statement.
24282	These days blasphemy isn’t really thought about in those terms, and daytime TV programmes run segments about people who marry their sex-dolls, so every possible root for these proscriptions has been pulled up, and yet the taboo words themselves remain.
24283	These days, if a developer were to co-opt a popular intellectual property, re-skin a popular game, and release it, they would likely get ridiculed.
24284	These delayed programmes, on top of growing economic hardships globally, could result in an estimated 13 million more child marriages over 10 years.
24285	These differences might be worth keeping in the long run.
24286	These economies have relied heavily on the boom in jobs in the "gig economy", such as taxi drivers and delivery workers, which offer little or no social protection.
24287	These efforts will continue as companies seek to boost the upskilling of the local workforce, and continue to develop local talents and localise more jobs over time, SBF said.
24288	The see-through ensemble included high-waist, high-cut bottoms and a revealing halterneck top.
24289	“These events significantly reduced our gold production and thus our revenue.
24290	“These experiences profoundly impacted his perception of this young nation, how it would be governed and expanded, and its interactions with Europe.
24291	These factors have induced the market to register a healthy CAGR in the forecast period as the growth of these products is on the rise.
24292	These figures might shoot up but they are, right now, lower than other infectious diseases that we live with (such as flu)".
24293	"These findings are very much incomplete.
24294	These games actual earn their player base by being regular with updates, running events, and spinning the game off into other series.
24295	These games without fans can produce an echo chamber, and on Friday, the Celtics heard a little too much of Chris Paul’s voice.
24296	These gesture-based shortcuts offer quick access to a few common features.
24297	The segment is one component of a broader initiative that Matt and Jeff are passionate about.
24298	These have not been easy decisions, however they have been taken in good faith, to safeguard Namibian lives for today and tomorrow.
24299	These ideas, moreover, are found evenly across supporters of both Labour and Conservative parties.
24300	These include frequently drinking fluids, avoiding the sun while outdoors and using air conditioning while indoors.
24301	These include multiple counts of wire fraud and violation of Illinois securities law.
24302	These include Vice President Constantino Chiwenga, who was blacklisted under the US government's sanctions policy towards leaders of the under-fire Harare administration.
24303	These individuals would be required to register their colonies and complete any training and educational programs required by the city.
24304	These institutions exemplify an unyielding commitment to diversity and inclusion throughout their campus communities, across academic programs and at the highest administrative levels.
24305	These interactions are by their very nature not consensual because Laura is being held against her will.
24306	These, in turn, include detention, isolation and quarantine, as a footnote to the 2020 Regulations points out.
24307	These invoices, however, did not reflect any CPI adjustments nor the additional houses JRW claimed to be servicing.
24308	These keys Schneider Electric's universal brand attributes: connectivity, sustainability (to sustain customer resources and help them lower CO2 emissions), efficiency, reliability and safety.
24309	These kids usually experience the respiratory distress commonly associated of COVID-19 and often need oxygen and intensive care support.
24310	The 'Select and Collect' service will be starting on Tuesday, July 7 when users can order books.
24311	These limitations can leave founders feeling like their startup has lost its momentum, and the brutal truth is that for some, that will be true.
24312	These local train services will only halt at major railway stations, as that of fast local train services.
24313	These magnificent boots are handmade in Maine and built to last you a lifetime.
24314	These measures must be aimed at ensuring accountability, upholding the principle of legality and the rule of law.
24315	These men and women have a choice, and I appreciate the incredible challenges each of them faces every single day."
24316	The semi-annual MyPG Community Grant is now accepting applications.
24317	“These modules can also be conveniently deployed on the human body to harvest body heat, thereby providing a continuous power source for wearable and implantable devices.”
24318	The Senate Business Committee (SBC) has approved a motion by Nominated Senator Petronilla Were seeking to have the original formula developed by the Commission on Revenue Allocation (CRA) adopted as the third basis for sharing revenue among counties.
24319	The Senate Commerce Committee held a hearing on Oct. 28 to question big tech CEOs about how they curate their content.
24320	The Senate has the “sole power,” according to the Constitution, to decide whether a president is convicted or acquitted.
24321	The Senate is totally undemocratic as it is not elected by the people, even though there are provisions within the constitution for the direct election of state representatives by the people.
24322	The Senate Republican Caucus announced the decision Tuesday.
24323	The Senate Sergeant of Arms this week warned that Zoom posed the threat of “potential compromise of systems and loss of data, interruptions during a conference and lack of privacy,” according to the letter.
24324	The Senate subsequently passed the amended legislation on Wednesday, and President Donald Trump signed the bill into law hours later.
24325	The senator also recently faced accusations of racism for defending Trump's habit of calling COVID-19 a "Chinese virus" by claiming the disease evolved because people in that country "eat bats and snakes and dogs."
24326	These new Indian laws are paving the way to dominance of the corporate capitalist system.
24327	These new restrictions will come into effect from midnight tonight instead of during the Christmas period.
24328	The senior aide was already scheduled to end his stint in the White House early, as the Purple Heart recipient informed the NSC he was planning on leaving his post at the end of the month.
24329	The senior also called all the Islamic Ummah to continue their path of resistance against the tyrants to overcome the enemy in each and every scenario.
24330	The Senior Aviation Technician had joined the RAF in 2015, leaving his home in Arran Gardens, Larne, Northern Ireland, to live in the Oxfordshire barracks working for five days in and five days off.
24331	The senior Moi's last public appearance was on October 26, 2017 where he cast his vote at the Kabarak University polling station.
24332	The senior went 2-for-6 from the field before fouling out of the game.
24333	These nonbelievers were gleefully pointing to the so-called lost decade to validate their thesis that buy-and-hold was a dumb move.
24334	"The sentiment right now is as it is now: the shelter cannot stay there."
24335	These opposition groups and individuals are becoming the principal propagators of fire and hate between Eritrea and Tigray, weirdely in the name of their solidarity with TPLF.
24336	"These options include everything from adjusting the convention's format to crowd size and schedule."
24337	These other industries are now looking to the media industry to understand how to store and manage vast amounts of rich media.
24338	The separation is very hard.”
24339	The separation of powers and the built-in checks and balances are written into the Constitution, the judge explained.
24340	These patients are not eligible for autologous stem cell transplant.
24341	“These people are thugs,” she said.
24342	These photos will be shown at the end of the semester in a final exhibition of the art photography seniors’ work.
24343	These powerful features will be available for demonstration at Integrated Systems Europe (ISE 2020) February 11 to 14.
24344	These powerful yet mysterious devices come in many different forms, each with their own unique purpose.
24345	These products from Amazon add elegance to your home without the expense.
24346	These profiles humanised ANC leaders and made media stars out of the Mandelas.
24347	The sequel featured Santa's brother Dingle Kringle (a failed used ice salesman) and a host of other oddities.
24348	These questions are not insurmountable, but will require government to react quickly to allay fears, concerns and inform people quickly and accurately.”
24349	“These “reads” are interpreted by Apple's Universal Clipboard as a “paste” command,” Bauer's lawsuit alleged.
24350	These reforms to policing show that protests have worried those at the top.
24351	These relative humidity values combined with the gusty winds will support an elevated fire danger, especially for crop land.
24352	These results, provided by a CAP-accredited lab, are required for travelers from high risk locations to receive the Travel Authorization certification, and must also be presented upon arrival in Jamaica.
24353	The series arrives on Netflix in April.
24354	The series began in 1919 with the diving birds and concluded in 1968 with the last of the songbirds.
24355	The series debuts with a double feature of Alex de la Iglesia cult classics — The Day of the Beastat the Tiki Drive-in in Montclair.
24356	The series follows the adventures of Solar, a superhero with the ability to manipulate energy, fly and teleport.
24357	The series has already hit almost every other video game genre, so why not enter the photography sim?
24358	The series has run for four seasons thus far and has developed a devoted fanbase for its genre-blending humor and fantastic characters.
24359	The series has since ended, and in its absence, John Boyega has risen to prominence this summer as an outspoken figurehead at protests in London.
24360	The series is extremely socially aware and features storylines involving police brutality, sexism in the workplace, questioning one's sexuality, and the experience of transgender Americans, to name a few.
24361	The series is inspired by former Tennessee Titans players who opened a cupcake shop in Austin, Texas.
24362	The series of messages emphasise the need to wear a mask as they were delivered on a face mask worn by Mr. Mensah in the video.
24363	The series progressed with Tang becoming more powerful, learning new skills that puts him over the top of his peers, and forming close bonds with a group of classmates.
24364	The series starts with a drunken party girl (Cuoco) waking up next to the murdered body of her latest one-night stand (Michiel Huisman).
24365	The series, which debuted in October 2007, begat 12 spin-offs, including “Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami” and “Revenge Body with Khloe Kardashian.”
24366	The series, which starts in 1971, examines the national debate taking place over the Equal Rights Amendment, meant to put women on the same legal footing as men.
24367	The series will focus on the booming relationship of exes Anya and Zain amid lockdown.
24368	These robots and autonomous tools are helping augment the human workforce on sites to help with labor costs and keep the project on time.
24369	The service launched in the UK in November, although ITV has not revealed how many subscribers the £5.99 a month service has attracted, and will debut in Australia later this year.
24370	The service says in a news release all of these employees are in isolation at home and are following direction from local health officials.
24371	The service’s private sector outreach program, AFWERX, will host a series of workshops in 2020 to hear innovative ideas.
24372	These six indie booksellers bring communities together over great reads in ways the big-box bookstores just can’t.
24373	These smoked whole chickens have been crowd pleasers for years, and folks can’t get enough of the affordability of Pollos Asados Los Norteños.
24374	These sneakers have a strong legacy of the Nimbus as a go-to-high-mileage runner with assured traction and these are no different.
24375	These specific details reinforce the appreciation of the engineering skills that are necessary to create such incredible suits.
24376	These statements are distinguished by use of the words "will," "expect," "intend," "plan," "anticipate" and words of similar meaning.
24377	These terms also describe the majority of the features grand strategy games offer, which often makes players consider them as real-world leadership games.
24378	These three taxes together raise more than half of government tax receipts.
24379	These true enemies of Nigeria, according to Bakare, were found at every level of government, from the local to the state to the federal levels, and in every arm of government.
24380	These two are as different as two brothers can be, but they still manage to find a way to connect and care for one another.
24381	These two are still on television today, teaching kids about all kinds of different creatures in the most excited, imaginative ways possible.
24382	“These types of funnel clouds are generated by weak rotation under rapidly growing clouds or weak thunderstorms.
24383	These vague regulations will turn social media into minefield, with users likely to find themselves on the wrong side of the law and may face prosecution simply for expressing their views.
24384	The severity of disease is more pronounced with older people, he said.
24385	These vibrating clamps come with a remote control that allows you to customize the level of intensity for added excitement.
24386	“These virus-like particles have now enabled us to reveal fundamental molecular principles of immune cell recognition for the first time.”
24387	These watches can be used for spacecraft to operate in space.
24388	“These wines adhere to the Agreement and therefore we can confirm that the products in question can be sold as currently labeled.”
24389	“These women illustrate what is important to us right now: positivity, kindness, laughter and family.”
24390	These would have been shown at the Imperial, the Downtown or the Odeon Carlton theatres and they too were quite a step up from the Beach and the Fox.
24391	The SGF further said that the N21 billion project, funded by the Federal Government through the NNPC, would be executed in 12 states in the six geopolitical zones of the country.
24392	The shadow of a man falls on a backdrop with the logo of the India's cricket board BCCI before the start of a news conference to announce its cricket team's coach, in Mumbai, India, Aug 16, 2019.
24393	The Shah of Iran was overthrown and Ayatollah Khomeini came into power.
24394	The shares were acquired at an average price of $8.65 per share, for a total transaction of $21,659.60.
24395	The shares were bought at an average cost of $23.05 per share, for a total transaction of $230,500.00.
24396	The shares were sold at an average price of $202.57, for a total value of $2,477,633.67.
24397	The shares were sold at an average price of $286.66, for a total transaction of $3,840,097.36.
24398	The shares were sold at an average price of $36.91, for a total transaction of $115,934.31.
24399	The shares were sold at an average price of $449.80, for a total transaction of $7,196,800.00.
24400	The shares were sold at an average price of $61.66, for a total transaction of $1,202,370.00.
24401	The shares were sold at an average price of $73.60, for a total transaction of $4,361,536.00.
24402	The sharing of seats between the two parties has been decided with consensus after several rounds of talks.
24403	The sharp downturn in economic activity in April suggests that the impact is likely to be even more severe in the second quarter.
24404	The SHA said it is committed to returning to open family visitation but only when it's safe to do so, the SHA said in a news release.
24405	The sheer number of fires and how quickly they’re returning to the system tells us that the fire regime is changing.”
24406	The Shelby County Health Department reported that 1,371 tests were given in the last 24 hours.
24407	The Sheriff’s department was called out to the drowning at the river.
24408	The sheriff’s office said the man has been in custody at the Community Corrections Center, which is on the jail campus on County Way in Portland.
24409	The sheriffs who refuse to enforce mask requirements are not doing their counties any good.
24410	The ship has sufficient fuel and food provisions to last until the end of the voyage, according to a Holland America.
24411	The shipping box arrived and was found to have been opened before arrival.
24412	The shirt boasted long sleeves and tied in the front.
24413	The shooting happened around 10:30 p.m along Evans Street.
24414	The short answer is that Australia is hotter and drier than it has ever been.
24415	The short story, "Unfinished Business" by Vita Ayala and Greg Land doesn't feature an actual appearance by Professor X, but his presence is felt nonetheless.
24416	The shots have earned her some international fame, and her curvy physique has helped gain comparisons to the American reality television star.
24417	The show aired for the first time nationally, on public television stations, in 1968.
24418	The showcase for "Minnesota Varsity" is usually at the Ted Mann Concert Hall at the University of Minnesota.
24419	The show has an excellent cast ensemble that makes it all the more exciting to watch.
24420	The show includes Chris Jericho vs. Orange Cassidy.
24421	The show is presented by Robert R. Blume/Step Forward Entertainment and Pat Labez, in cooperation with both Neil Sedaka Music and The Actors Fund.
24422	The show is scheduled for Friday, September 18 at Toyota Amphitheater in Wheatland and will also feature the band Night Ranger.
24423	The show might go on?
24424	The show organizer, Adesegun Adeosun Jr popularly known as King Smade recently wowed Laycon’s fans when he revealed he’ll get the housemate – who is a musician – to perform at AfroNation festival.
24425	The show's bosses have discussed the prospect of the couple gracing the program as cartoon characters.
24426	The show sees celebrities wearing elaborate costumes while performing for the judges, who are tasked with guessing their name based on their voice and clues hidden in their performances.
24427	The show’s host also echoed the need for legislation in Africa and the diaspora to help the entertainment industry and agreed with the panelists such as Akeju to push for streaming of artiste music.
24428	The show will be filmed remotely, using the actors’ real living spaces as the backdrop to for story.
24429	The Shree Raam Narayan Temple Society which incorporates the Port Shepstone and District Sanathan Dharam Sabha will host Pundit Chunelall Narine at the Shree Raam Narayan Temple in Marburg on Saturday, February 8 from 4pm.
24430	The shutdown had less of an impact than you might think.
24431	The sightings are then uploaded to a central server so that hundreds of contributions can be assembled and rigorously analysed.
24432	“The significance of this report cannot be understated,” Fiona Finn, CEO of Nasc said.
24433	The signs are clearly marked, and this is not a new rule.
24434	The sign’s placement has touched off a friendly disagreement between Drive reader Judy Elks and her husband over what the sign means, and it’s likely introduced some confusion for other drivers, too.
24435	The silence across F1 was deafening and he called it out.
24436	The Silence of the Lambs had been a big hit, and one assumes Reeve loved the idea of starring in its sequel.
24437	The Silicon Valley Economy Is Here.
24438	The simple fact for a restaurant owner is that these delivery apps are here to stay.
24439	The simplicity of the space is used to create a flexible stage and audience interaction.
24440	The simulated journeys must provide regular onboard activities such as meal service and entertainment in common areas of the ship, while providing enough space for social distancing.
24441	The singer and the rapper’s version can be called the food version, as the two played around with food while doing the challenge.
24442	The singer on many occasions expressed his fears of the pandemic and shared how he has been taking precautions.
24443	The singer, who was actively involved in the EndSARS issue in the country, stated that the past few days had been hard for him.
24444	The single and album were produced by Matt Ross-Spang, who built them on the demos Thorn made.
24445	The single overarching difference between Obama and Biden when it comes to Israel was Biden’s preference for keeping differences behind closed doors.
24446	The s in "https" stands for secure.
24447	The sister of the eccentric Wanlov Da Kobolor inked a photo of a dolphin under her right armpit almost close to her boobs.
24448	The site is dotted with giant sculptures transported from Nevada’s Burning Man festival.
24449	The site, located at the Western Historic Trails Center (3434 Richard Downing Ave.), is open by appointment, on June 1, from Noon until 6-p.
24450	The sites are part of the Okanagan Rail Trail Interpretive project aimed at restoring and improving areas along the trail.
24451	The site’s fees start at $99 for a basic listing.
24452	The situation could be well judged by the fact that only 13 posts have been opened for choice filling in history subject.
24453	The situation has also led to a hike in daily wage rates for the limited number of workers who are available.
24454	The situation has not improved many months down.
24455	“The situation of the Corporation has been exacerbated by the rudderless leadership of the Coalition as it concerns sugar and national life generally.
24456	The situation started in March, then blended into basically people starting an early summer vacation in April, May.
24457	The six-foot 189-pound Levi was chosen in the seventh round (212th overall) by the Florida Panthers in October’s NHL entry draft.
24458	The sky is the limit this year for Okwara.
24459	The slight decrease was due to a partial cash payment of $1.0 million to SGI during 2019.
24460	The Slovenian established himself as one of the very best around under Diego Simeone but could be tempted by a change to compete for silverware elsewhere.
24461	The slow pace of crushing in India could support global prices that are trading near their highest levels in five months.
24462	The Small Business Development Center is offering an online series about keeping your business together during a crisis.
24463	The small park set around the Davis crypt is a pleasant square, with manicured lawn and well-tended trees.
24464	The smartphone features a 2.5D curved glass.
24465	The snake bite spurted blood around the toilet, pictured above.
24466	The snap proved to be quite popular with Alexa’s followers, amassing more than 26,700 likes and 200 comments overnight.
24467	The snow and rain this weekend helped by dampening dry lands -- but didn't do much in putting out the flames because they burned right under the snow.
24468	The snow has partially cut off Kinnaur district and towns in Shimla district such as Narkanda, Jubbal, Kotkhai, Kharapathar, Rohru and Chopal, a government official said.
24469	The ‘sober curious’ movement may be here to stay.
24470	"The social media fall out from this overall situation has been unfortunate and resulted in some people not involved in either investigation to become targets of harassment," police said in a statement.
24471	The social media giant also announced that it would start blurring photos received from unknown users to help view the content before replying to the message or blocking or reporting the account of someone that you may not know.
24472	The social media sensation altered her position for the following photo by leaning to the side.
24473	The Society has asked volunteer doctors to register for this telemedicine service on 020-71171122.
24474	The socks are crafted with a breathable cotton blend fabrication.
24475	The software, called Sapience, monitors workers’ productivity and claims to create “unprecedented transparency” within companies.
24476	The software maker reported $0.11 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.02) by $0.13.
24477	The soldier kicked him again and then shouted, "God punish you!
24478	“The soldiers, our German soldiers disappeared and no more shots were fired,” said Boehm, remembering the frightening noise of battle which had included the deafening sound of Red Army multiple rocket launchers and the sight of artillery.
24479	The solution to a rising climate isn’t job-killing government regulations – it’s innovation and American ingenuity.
24480	The Song also pays homage to our ancestors’ ever-living spirits - in joyful remembrance of their contributions and presence at all times.
24481	The song is about breaking free from addiction, according to guitarist and vocalist Jack Doolan.
24482	“The song is about my personal struggles and the price I paid to be where I am today,” he said.
24483	The songs tap into the heart and offer all the catharsis we need right now.
24484	The song was a reprised version of the Punjabi track “Illegal Weapon” by Jasmine Sandlas and Garry Sandhu with music by Intense.
24485	The song was released off Tiwa Savage's latest album, 'Celia' and it was made with a socio-political base.
24486	The song was written by O’Riordan as a protest song after IRA bombings in northwest England’s Warrington in March 1993 and injured 56 others.
24487	The sophomore guard scored 10 points on Sunday.
24488	The source said further that they thought things were over when the JTF officials left the scene, only for them to return and accompanied by the police.
24489	The sources said Pakistan will get a free hand to block India''s initiatives if related interactions are brought under formal structure of SAARC.
24490	The South African beauty is no stranger to motorboats and sailing boats.
24491	The South American country, which is suffering an economic collapse and hyperinflation under the leadership of President Nicolas Maduro, is a failed state, Pompeo said.
24492	The South Boundary Trail is at the north end of the parking lot.
24493	The South Coast League champion Tritons (16-13) dominated Los Osos, 15-3, in their CIF-SS Division 2 opener on Feb. 12 at San Juan Hills High School and continued their run with a 12-8 win over Schurr on Feb. 15 at Vista Hermosa Sports Park.
24494	The South-East governors yesterday expressed their readiness to unveil a security outfit for the region.
24495	The South Korean company debuted the cooking Chefbot robot in November at a restaurant in Seoul.
24496	The South Korean Ministry of Health agreed with this line of reasoning, out 26 cases as “unrelated” and 45 cases as “highly unlikely” to be related.
24497	The Sox advanced in the double-elimination Zone 4 tournament which will produce four entries in the Junior State Tournament, which will be held at Burns Park in North Little Rock starting next weekend.
24498	The space is really coming along!
24499	The space will be open as a dedicated gift shop, selling bottles of gin and giftware on Wednesdays from 10am – 4pm and Saturdays from 10am – 3.30pm.
24500	The Spanish midfielder punished the lapse with a low shot that beat Alisson via the foot of his right-hand post.
24501	The SPAR Grand Prix was supposed to feature six 10km challenge races between March and October all across South Africa, before the Coronavirus and resultant lockdown changed everything.
24502	The spark must be put off before it grows into an uncontrollable flame.
24503	The Sparks also officially announced Friday they waived Alexis Jones, who since has been signed by the Atlanta Dream.
24504	The Spartans continue play at the tournament Friday.
24505	The Speaker, Alhaji Tasiu Musa, and other members of the House unanimously resolved to send relief materials to the affected areas.
24506	The Speaker of the House of Reps, Femi Gbajabiamila, in a statement issued on Saturday, noted that the proposed Bill will help in boosting the economy through the informal sector as the country prepares for the aftermath of the coronavirus.
24507	The speaker said she visited a Maryland school that literally could not open its doors.
24508	“The special initiative for children is being appreciated all over the world.
24509	The special package’s main feature is the new color called Wild Cherry Tintcoat.
24510	The specialty court is one I hadn’t heard of, so I looked it up.
24511	The species, part of the dolphin family, is highly social, which may explain why such a large group ended up together on the sand.
24512	The speed and responsiveness of national government to COVID-19 shows that this certainly can be done where necessary.
24513	The spelling agreement was signed to enter into force on 1 January 1994, subject to ratification by all CPLP member states.
24514	The spherical radio/radar telescope includes a radio dish 1,000 feet across and a 900-ton instrument platform suspended 450 feet above it.
24515	The spike brings Indiana's total to 330 deaths and more than 7,400 cases.
24516	The spike in cases in jails in the northern province of Shandong and Zhejiang in the east made up most of the 258 newly confirmed Chinese infections outside Hubei province on Friday.
24517	The spiraling health crisis would be caused by what people and their leaders had done and failed to do on the international stage — in trade, war and the interpersonal bargains, pacts and conflicts that precede them.
24518	“The spirit of Trump’s plan will be decisive in the issue of demarcating the land and sea borders with occupied Palestine and will affect Lebanon’s oil wealth.”
24519	The spokesperson for the Nigerian Governors’ Forum (NGF), Abdulrazaque Bello-Barkindo disclosed that the governors would also discuss the looting of COVID-19 palliatives in warehouses throughout the country.
24520	The spokeswoman said: “This morning we shared changes to some of our teams and we can confirm a net reduction of circa 730 roles.
24521	The spot outside CBP doesn’t have a natural view of the field; at best, squint and third base is the only visible object.
24522	The spread of the coronavirus and the timing on creating a vaccine is another factor.
24523	The spread of the new coronavirus has sharply reduced air travel and thus the demand for fuel, while industry in China, the world’s second-largest economy, has been severely disrupted through shutdowns and travel restrictions.
24524	The SPV will support the mass roll-out of prepaid meters to unmetered consumers and also enable MAPs to provide smart metering solutions to DisCos.”
24525	The squad also is preparing to send out letters asking for donations.
24526	The square outline of the Grand Cherokee is a dead ringer for that one, weird time when Chrysler and Daimler worked together.
24527	The stabbing was carried out just days before the fifth anniversary of attacks in Paris targeting the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, a kosher grocery and the suburb of Montrouge, which left 17 people dead.
24528	The staff are very discouraged because they don’t know what the future is going to be like,” said Fragero.
24529	The staffers of the NGO are aware that not even hard facts will make these captive followers of its rouse from the deep intellectual and mental slumber into which they have fallen.
24530	The staff member has since been self-isolating at home.
24531	The staff members are hoping that divine intervention will put an end to the global pandemic as prayer meetings and vigils are held at 7 pm daily.
24532	The staff report recommendation is that the proposed Plan of Subdivision is given Draft Approval subject to conditions.
24533	The staff sat her up and she began to breathe again.
24534	The staff who tested positive are.
24535	The stakes are even higher for international graduate students with dependents.
24536	The standup comedian and former writer has received enthusiastically positive responses for each of his previous hosting gigs, so it shouldn’t come as a surprise that he pretty much crushed it yet again.
24537	The Starfires will travel to Brockton to face the Rox on Wednesday before returning home Friday to face the New Britain Bees.
24538	The stars that are found in these galaxies are considered much older than the stars of spiral galaxies.
24539	The starting five for the Warriors went a combined 6-for-35 from the floor.
24540	The Stash Cardin is a version for finishing different, more luxurious.
24541	The state abets them by allowing idle wells to stay that way for decades,” the letter said.
24542	The state agency began an investigation in March 2019 and found that St. Johns had engaged in a pattern of unwanted sexual touching including the groping of men’s genitals and buttocks and kisses and caresses on their necks and shoulders.
24543	The state alleges Mr Edwards was supplied one of the knifes.
24544	“The state Commandant of NSCDC, Mr David Bille has directed the monitoring of residential and recreational facilities as well as critical national assets to deter hoodlums from perpetrating crime.
24545	The state constitution says that each chamber is the judge of the elections and qualifications of members.”
24546	The State currently has 2,761 ventilators including 1,761 with private organisations.
24547	The State Department has helped bring home over 9,000 U.S. citizens from 28 countries so far, said Ian Brownlee, the principal deputy assistant secretary of state for consular affairs.
24548	The state department of health will also help make sure Jay County Health Department reaches all of those it needs to contact.
24549	"The state government has embarked on an initiative titled 'Beyond Bengaluru' as part of our efforts to boost IT penetration across Karnataka, supported by strategic policy interventions and holistic economic development.
24550	The state government, in an apparent bid to shore up excise revenues had imposed a 30 per cent tax on liquor in second week of April when lockdown was in force.
24551	The state government was investigating the case on that line, but suddenly, the Centre decided to take over,” he said.
24552	The state governor at the time of writing, Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo, seems to have proved himself a leader worthy of emulation has taken steps towards fulfilling his campaign promises.
24553	The state has a total of 11 confirmed caseshttps://t.
24554	The state has been hotly competitive this year, despite Trump winning it by 9 points in 2016, with the Biden campaign sending Harris, as well as Jill Biden and Harris’ husband Doug Emhoff, to campaign there.
24555	The state House of Assembly has announced the immediate suspension of sitting till Monday to mourn 14 PDP members who died on Wednesday in a motor accident on the Gusau-’Yankara Road.
24556	The state is also partnering with CVS and Walgreens pharmacies to help provide vaccines at long-term care facilities.
24557	The state is also seeing troubling increases elsewhere.
24558	The state is among 27 that have seen a 10% increase or greater of average daily cases over the week.
24559	The state lawmakers are offering a more restrictive measure as an alternative.
24560	The State led by Mr Sebastian Mutizirwa alleges that on June 14 this year at around 8pm, Machaya arrived home from work and went to take a bath before joining his wife in bed.
24561	The statement made reference to a communication made in May last year when JSC indicated that there were five petitions against Supreme Court judges.
24562	The statement quoted the Special Envoy as saying that Nigeria was the pillar of Africa, and he had brought messages from his President, “so that we consult, and see what we can do together.”
24563	The statements from France and Germany came a day after Borrell again warned Jerusalem against the unilateral annexation of West Bank territory, in a message congratulating Israel on its new government.
24564	The statement, which was signed by the union’s spokesman, Luka Binniyat, was made available to the News Agency of Nigeria in Kafanchan.
24565	The statement “Zambia no longer has an economy” is sick to the core.
24566	The state of emergency lifted in Japan last month, and fans have been wondering when this anime would be coming back.
24567	The State of Israel also highly appreciates the role of the Azerbaijani leadership in relation to the Jewish community.
24568	The state prison system announced an outbreak affecting several prisons in December and as of Monday, they have more than 40 suspected cases with testing confirming 11 of them, including some in the Central Valley.
24569	The state recorded an overall 1.5% infection rate Sunday.
24570	The state reported 108 new cases on Saturday, as against 111 on Friday, the highest in a day in the more than four-month-long fight against the marauding virus.
24571	The States Assembly will debate the details of the Sustainable Transport Policy in due course, but in the meantime this small change will enable the private sector to develop schemes which will support the Sustainable Transport Policy.
24572	The state's clinics and hospitals are closed or turn away patients as medical supplies run out and the doctors' strike over decimated wages continues.
24573	The state’s election officials cannot count mail-in ballots that arrive after Election Day, the US Supreme Court ruled on Oct. 26. Ballots could not be counted until polls opened on Tuesday.
24574	The state’s fourth-largest school district is implementing an unprecedented educate-from-home program aimed at slowing the spread of COVID-19.
24575	The state’s health commissioner, Judith Persichilli, said there was a shortage of blood, and she urged donors to make an appointment.
24576	The state’s health department promises that location or personal data are ever collected, stored, or transmitted when using the app.
24577	The states identified last week were Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas and Utah.
24578	The state simply does not have the infrastructure in place yet to manage either endeavor, the Big Island mayor said.
24579	The state’s Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program is continuing to accept applications for the winter season.
24580	The state was also set to roll out details about the newest models projecting the spread of COVID-19 Wednesday.
24581	The station’s owner, Good Karma Brands, issued an immediate apology to Mayfield and the Browns while adding its decision to punish Grossi.
24582	The statistics are skewed.
24583	The steps taken so far have slowed the spread of the virus, “but the pandemic continues to spread,” the prime minister continued.
24584	The Stillwell Lake Fishing and Recreation Area is shown April 29, 2020, at Fort McCoy, Wis.
24585	The stock has a fifty day moving average of $34.64 and a two-hundred day moving average of $33.75.
24586	The stock has a market capitalization of $1.17 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 8.40 and a beta of 1.26.
24587	The stock has a market capitalization of $64.76 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of -3,969.00, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 6.69 and a beta of 0.37.
24588	The stock has a market cap of $17.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.61, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 2.10 and a beta of 0.85.
24589	The stock has a market cap of $26.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 8.93, a P/E/G ratio of 2.83 and a beta of 1.37.
24590	The stock has a market cap of $2.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.14, a PEG ratio of 1.29 and a beta of 1.39.
24591	“The stock of Heroin was discovered from Narahenpita, Sapugaskanda, Panadura-South, Boralesgamuwa and Negombo police jurisdictions,” Sri Lanka Police said.
24592	The stock registered a one-month high of ₹331.8 last week, before closing at ₹319.4.
24593	The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $21.31 and its 200 day moving average price is $25.16.
24594	The stock’s 50 day simple moving average is €7.13 and its two-hundred day simple moving average is €7.85.
24595	The stock’s fifty day simple moving average is $82.95 and its 200 day simple moving average is $83.26.
24596	The stock show was held on Dounby Farm until the Society bought five acres of uncultivated land from James Flett of Curcabreck in 1934 and built a wall around it.
24597	The stock was acquired at an average price of $8.95 per share, with a total value of $120,825.00.
24598	The stock was sold at an average price of $14.26, for a total transaction of $39,086.66.
24599	The stock was sold at an average price of $15.27, for a total value of $71,398,336.02.
24600	The stock was sold at an average price of $68.31, for a total transaction of $47,817,000.00.
24601	The store sits right above the beach, looking out over Eastsound itself — the actual bay that splits the island almost into two.
24602	The store was about to host a grand opening for its new location on Pembina Highway, joining its Osborne Village location, but is now preparing for a major financial hit.
24603	The store, which exudes an old-world charm, has been designed by architect Ravi Vazirani and is replete with heirloom furniture and exquisite silverware.
24604	The stories and protagonists vary wildly.
24605	The stories we have heard suggest that Casablancas, and some of the men in his orbit, used the contest to engage in sexual relationships with vulnerable young models.
24606	The storm’s surf were so great that destroyed turtle eggs were found on Playa Ballenas.
24607	The story around 5G isn't fiction.
24608	The story comes from survival and what we as individuals do.
24609	The story follows the crew of a commercial space tug called <em>Nostromo </em>that discovers a deadly alien loose within the interior of the ship.
24610	The story in question had reported on the conviction of a man for various violent, antisocial and sexual offences, and included two photos of the defendant with a young child whose face had been pixelated.
24611	The story is told in each person’s perspective to a cop (Brahmaji) when Venkatalakshmi suddenly goes missing.
24612	The storyline is a good one.
24613	The story of the match was Cody taking an extended beating until he hit Cross Rhodes on Ortiz.
24614	The story of the Smiley family moving into new home filled with boxes allows kids to take a box and transform it into anything they can imagine.
24615	The story of YES Bank starts in 2003, when Mr Rana Kapoor and Mr Ashok Kapur opened the for a new generation private bank.
24616	The story was released when comics were aiming to be more child friendly.
24617	The St. Paul Winter Carnival will host seven days of free outdoor concerts in Rice Park along with a few other indoor musical events for those seeking a respite from the cold.
24618	The strain of the coronavirus pandemic should have the entire health care system focused intently on quality and safety.
24619	The strain was found to have originated in Mexico, and the pandemic lasted for less than a year.
24620	The strangest times I’ve ever known, that’s for sure.
24621	The Strategic goals are incorporated in the Annual Report.
24622	TheStreet downgraded shares of Acuity Brands from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 12th.
24623	The stress for the caregiver is very high as dementia patients have to be kept engaged.
24624	The Strib presumably caught Vern while with his wife Maude visiting her family; she was from Minneapolis.
24625	The strike aircraft carrying bombs can put tonnes and tonnes of bombs on the enemy troops, freely carrying out their mission.
24626	The strike also killed the deputy chief of Iraq’s powerful Hashed al-Shaabi paramilitary force and some local Iran-backed militias.
24627	The striker was played on by Christoph Zimmermann's outstretched boot.
24628	The strike was broken, giving a boost to conservative elements that wanted to suppress “the Reds.”
24629	The stronger masks are being reserved for use by health care workers and other people on the front lines of the pandemic.
24630	“The struggle of (wo)man against power,” to tweak Milan Kundera’s quote, “is the struggle of memory against forgetting”.
24631	The student is one of at least of the flu this season so far, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
24632	The student population at MSA had increased to around 4,000 in 2018.
24633	The student support network will not only be a good networking resource, Smith says, but also a place where students can find volunteer opportunities and mental health supports.
24634	The studio created Arkham City and Arkham Knight before WB Games Montreal took over.
24635	The studio may be waiting to see how Digital and home video sales do before making a decision (the film goes on sale on DVD and Blu-ray a few weeks from now).
24636	The studios were used to filming all war scenes in and around Los Angeles, territory that the military now had to protect.
24637	The study also found that more than seven in 10 adults consider their furry, scaled and feathered friends to very much be a part of the family.
24638	The study estimates this approach could reduce the black-white mortality gap due to heart disease by 19%.
24639	The study omits that leading producers like Diamond Foundry use hydropower with zero emissions (and on top of that additionally offset carbon as if it were not).
24640	The study, published in the journal JCI Insight also identified 12 other USFDA-approved drugs that are deemed safe in pregnancy.
24641	The study states that people could try hearing aids.
24642	The study was carried out by researchers from the University College London (UCL) division of medicine in collaboration with clinicians at the (RFL) and University College London Hospitals NHS Trust (UCLH).
24643	The study will also be conducted in 9 districts with high COVID-19 occurrences such as Ganjam, Gajapati, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation jurisdiction, and in parts of Cuttack district.
24644	The Sturgis apocalypse is brought up at about 23:00.
24645	The style is similar to her Dothraki attire, though the faded blue coloring symbolizes her journey from Khaleesi to Queen.
24646	The subject of the email – “HIGH-RISK: New confirmed cases in your city” — also is designed to trick users into thinking the message will offer vital information legitimately related to the novel coronavirus, he said.
24647	The submarine’s nuclear reactor gives it virtually unlimited underwater endurance and the ability to maintain cruising speeds of twenty knots (twenty-three miles per hour) while producing very little noise.
24648	The subpoena was issued Dec. 9, just days after became police commissioner.
24649	The successful implementation of the SDGs requires a collective effort of all Nigerians at home and abroad.
24650	The sudden about-turn projects us as sore losers."
24651	The sudden closure of college campuses and universities across the country has sent millions of students home early, in some cases, before they even had a chance to gather their belongings.
24652	The sudden increase in the number of deaths coincides with the coronavirus outbreak in the Netherlands, the stats office said.
24653	The sudden rise is due to the purchase of personal protective…
24654	The suit is seeking at least $10 million in damages.
24655	The sum is considerably less than recent fines for player protection failings against other large firms.
24656	The summer and rainy season costumes of the Emerald Buddha were commissioned by His Majesty King Phra Buddha Yodfa Chulaloke (Rama I).
24657	The summer sun quickly shines down and heats the water in the birdbaths.
24658	The sum of $8,000 is needed annually to enable each shul to hire a Rav.
24659	The sun does not rise in the east this woman says.
24660	The sun is coming out & temps have popped up to 2 degrees in the Central pic.
24661	The sunset over the desert with the city in the foreground was very striking.
24662	The SuperBook took a $110,000 bet on Over 52.5 on Sunday night, and Jeff Sherman from Westgate tells The Action Network, “The ticket count is 30-to-1 on the Over early on.
24663	The superintendent said he thinks it will be a smooth transition for most, but he worries about a radical shift for the younger students who typically spend less than half an hour on their devices in the classroom.
24664	The Superior High School boys swim and dive team won the Big Rivers Conference Sportsmanship Award for the 2019-20 season.
24665	The supplementary budget for fiscal 2019 was decided by the Cabinet on December 13. The budget for fiscal 2020 was planned to be decided at the Cabinet meeting to be held on December 20, and the government was currently in the process of finalizing it.
24666	'The supply chain is just not mature enough.
24667	The support of one’s family and friends is also vital in the recovery process.
24668	The Supreme Court weighed in on this issue in 2015, ruling in favor of a pregnant UPS employee, Peggy Young, who was denied light duty during the last months of her pregnancy.
24669	The surge in infections among younger people comes ahead of nationwide university exams on 3 December.
24670	The surprise move reverses recent progress toward a resolution of tensions between the two countries.
24671	The surrounding ZIP code has a median income of $28,000, and nearly one-third of its residents are in poverty, according to the census.
24672	The surveillance operation in Colombia that journalists say is a threat to democracy.
24673	The survey identified hundreds of buildings that met the criteria by capturing the essence of a Southern town at the turn of the last century and the industries that sustained it.
24674	“The survey is telling us that this would be a more effective model if families had a school device for each child in distance learning.
24675	The surveys were conducted in December, March and June.
24676	The survey will only be available through Dec. 14.
24677	The surviving material, held within archives in Portugal and Spain, are missing a tenor part, which has been reconstructed by musicologist José Abreu, and fine-tuned with Cupertinos.
24678	The suspect, 54 years old who according to witness accounts was the last person to be seen with the child is believed to have been hiding in the town.
24679	The suspect, Albert Wheeler, was said to be armed with a gun and threatened to commit suicide, according to a police department statement.
24680	The suspect being held in connection to the death of a Sioux Falls woman has been charged with her murder.
24681	The suspected targeted attack on Maulana Dr Adil Khan, head of Karachi’s Jamia Farooqia seminary, took place on Saturday, the Dawn News reported, quoting police officials.
24682	"The suspect fled before police arrived," said Longueuil police spokesperson Marie Beauvais.
24683	The suspect fled in an unknown direction, police said.
24684	The suspects are wanted for several cases of gate motor theft.
24685	“The suspects were apprehended with the assistance of police and charged with possession of imitation firearms and dangerous weapons,” said Xulu, adding that they would appear in the Alexandra Magistrates' Court on 21 October.
24686	The suspect was described as a 6-foot-2, 180-pound man between 50 and 57 years old, according to police.
24687	The suspension of Parliament, dragging the Queen and the Royal Prerogative into politics, was rash and unwise.
24688	The Sussex area and Sussex Corner were the areas hit hardest by the prolonged heavy rain across the province.
24689	The Sussexes’ period of opposition was due to end on 20 February 2020, but following the complaint from Dr Worcester, it has now been extended to 20 March 2020.
24690	The suture reinforces that area and makes the fused shell much tougher.
24691	The Swamp Establishment understood they would then have to justify everything and nothing would be hidden in a bill.
24692	The Swift 7 is available in two colours, white and black.
24693	The Switzerland-based IOC has contributed $1.3 billion to organize the Tokyo Olympics, according local organizing committee documents.
24694	“The symptoms of exhaustion manifest as oversleep.
24695	The synthetic chemical styrene leaked from the LG Polymers plant, which workers were preparing to restart after it was closed during the coronavirus lockdown, Chand said.
24696	The Syrian refugee will start his studies at the University of Regina in September 2020.
24697	The system is designed to mould them into such for our LDP overlords convenience.
24698	The system which upholds their privilege.
24699	The table below surveys the field segment by segment.
24700	The TACC is available to members with five years of completed service or three years with another service and two years with EPS.
24701	The tactics have worked to some extent, even though Lukashenko has earned the nickname of “Europe’s last dictator” in the West for his authoritarian ways.
24702	The take-home message is that we should insist on maintaining a very high standard for a COVID-19 vaccine; one that will induce a qualitatively appropriate immune response that will protect us from infection with SARS-CoV-2.
24703	The talk show punctuated Bubba’s point with one directive that will ensure his triumph over the bigotry, “Just go out there and win.”
24704	The tango bullet is the classic of the bullet genre, a perfect gift, and destined to be kept for years to come and eventually replaced if it wears out.
24705	The taoiseach has also raised concerns that any encouragement to wear face masks could jeopardize supply to healthcare workers if there is a large uptake by the general public.
24706	The target – called an NDC, or nationally determined contribution – will be submitted to the UN as part of the UK’s pledge under the 2015 Paris climate agreement.
24707	The targeted man was the logistic officer of the integrated security forces of Galkayo.
24708	Thetargets for the short positions can be at ₹320 and ₹300.
24709	The task force cut was part of the $15 million cut from the police budget due to the de-fund the police movement this summer.
24710	The taskforce put in place by the Lagos State government to supervise the gradual easing off of the lockdown order yesterday arrested some residents who flouted the government's directives.
24711	The tax increase would pay for Biden’s proposed benefit expansions and also extend the life of program’s trust fund by five years, to 2040, according to the nonpartisan Urban Institute.
24712	The tax is levied on the remaining amount, as per to slab and rates.
24713	The tax law is causing an exodus of high-tax state residents to no tax or lower tax states.
24714	The tax records show the deal has earned Trump at least $13 million — far more than previously known — including more than $1 million since he entered the White House, even as his onetime associate now lobbies on behalf of Turkish interests.
24715	The TCJA expanded the exemption level from roughly $11 million to $22 million for married couples.
24716	The teachers and the earliest shows there are all special and will always remain so.
24717	The teacher skipped a beat, then the boy’s mic went dead.
24718	The teaching garden was left with no one to teach.
24719	The team crested at about 85 people this year, and it plans to move on to bigger things soon.
24720	The team found dark matter clumps alter the apparent brightness and position of each distorted quasar image.
24721	The team, however, kept up a good line of defence and continued to carry on the aggressive attack.
24722	The team is counting on the young left-handed pitcher to be a major cog in its efforts this season.
24723	The team's active roster then consists of 55 players, and 48 of those players can be active for the game as long as at least eight offensive linemen are active.
24724	The team’s third systems upgrade—TTWCS (V)3—garnered national recognition from NDIA.
24725	The teams were better prepared than us.
24726	The team went with the high hopes of filming an exciting, impactful, eco-adventure story.
24727	The team will be conducting screening, public education and awareness across the metro.
24728	The Tea Party wave.
24729	The tear-jerking family film snatched an Oscar nod for Best Cinematography.
24730	“The technical rescue team was deployed,” said the fire department, “and were able to get the patient into a rescue harness and lower the patient and rescuer safely to flat ground.”
24731	The technology company reported $0.45 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.41 by $0.04.
24732	The technology required, like being able to peer inside a single cell and see what proteins it’s making compared to its neighbours, has only evolved in the last few years.
24733	” the teen said.
24734	The Telangana electric mobility policy works to deploy an adequate charging infrastructure that can address one of the biggest stumbling blocks for the success of electric mobility in India.
24735	The telescoping head can extend to up to 18 inches.
24736	The television footage shows James Packer's imposing figure moving slowly through the construction site on the banks of Darling Harbour that will soon be his Australian home.
24737	The Temple Mount is the third holiest site in Islam following Mecca and Medina, and is said to be the site where Mohammad began his revered “Night Journey.”
24738	The tension of criticism is not the tension between compliment and condemnation.
24739	The tensions between India and China on the border were clearly reflected in the meeting in which Chinese President Xi Jinping also attended and as well as the Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan was also present in the conference.
24740	The tentative kick off date has been set as November 20 with thye federation releasing the opening 5 fixtures for each of the 17 clubs.
24741	The term Grey Champion does not mean they are a great, noble, humane person.
24742	“The terminal semester or year examination for postgraduate, undergraduate courses, programmes may be conducted by universities as suggested in the academic calendar.
24743	The term "redskin" is considered a slur against Native Americans.
24744	"The terms of negotiation forwarded from the Egyptians are intolerable for Ethiopia, and it breaches the country's sovereignty and future rights on the water," he said.
24745	The terms of the deal between the city and the Association des pompiers de Montréal were not made public and will remain confidential until they have been approved by the membership.
24746	The terms were also used on various pages on the Trust’s website, although a spokesman insisted they had been put there in error.
24747	The terrible twos are terrible for a reason—it’s right when little ones start getting picky (and moody!).
24748	The test is designed to be conducted with only minimal laboratory processes and equipment.”
24749	The Texans dropped to 0-3.
24750	The Texas-born singer signed to Capitol Record Nashville in 2011 and her debut single, “Better Than You Left Me,” came out in 2015.
24751	The text of the agreement hasn't yet been released.
24752	The text of the First Amendment of the US Constitution in its present form is obsolete.
24753	The text reads: “Indian Bollywood Actress smiles at Athens International Airport.
24754	The theater chain earlier this year signed an innovative pact with Universal to allow the Comcast Corp.-owned studio to put its movies on digital home video rental platforms for $20 as soon as 17 days after they hit theaters.
24755	The theatre used technology through livestreaming to continue to offer its programming and expand to a global audience.
24756	The theft was classified as a felony because the alleged theft involved firearms.
24757	The theme for this year’s gala is Welcome to SouthforkThe Oil Baron’s Ball.
24758	The thermometer at Calvary Church in Woodland Hills registers 106 degrees Monday.
24759	"The thing about semi-professionalism is that it's semi, it's not full professional," he said.
24760	'The thing about what Parscale did with the finances of the campaign could actually be totally legal,' the source added.
24761	The Thing is quite a bit more than a regular human, thanks to the cosmic rays which gave him his powers.
24762	The thing is real estate can’t keep rising at 10 per cent per year if incomes are only rising at two per cent.
24763	The thing Sailer doesn’t want to do is make a hasty decision.
24764	The thing was, by the time Sharpe’s name took its new spot atop the leaderboard, Gerard, completely unaware, had already dropped in for his final run.
24765	The third and final challenge involves dealing damage with pickaxes.
24766	The third episode in the series sees a new challenger facing off against the Kanto Elite Four.
24767	The third game of the Champions League group stage kicks off on Tuesday.
24768	The third song featuring the rumoured couple is titled “Dil Ko Maine Di Kasam”.
24769	The third year of medical school is also a time for medical students to develop their portfolios to prepare for fourth-year residency “matches,” a hyper-competitive process that sees hundreds of students compete for spaces in hospitals across Canada.
24770	The thorn-like loneliness rooted within Jamie was scraped away by Rachel's steadily unlatching love.
24771	The three additional cases are among non-production unionized employees at the pork processing facility, United Food and Commercial Workers Local 832 said in a memo to workers early Thursday morning.
24772	The three appeal court judges : “It was not material to the judge's conclusion whether contraceptive precautions were taken.
24773	The three areas that were incorporated through a Constitutional amendment were Lipulekh, Kalapani and Limpiyadhura -- something that has refuted, terming the "artificial enlargement" as being "untenable".
24774	The three dots button brings up the apps bar for things like Sky News, Sky Sports News HQ and Weather.
24775	The three impacted employees had no in-person interactions with patients.
24776	The three knuckleheads give Jovin a standing “O” which is all well and good, but, I ask, why didn’t they do this for my boy Arthur Dibesh last week?
24777	The three locks look to be Laura Dern for “Marriage Story,” Jennifer Lopez for “Hustlers” and Margot Robbie for “Bombshell.”
24778	The three men reportedly told the cops that they were hired by the now injured man some two weeks ago as “pitmen” and had been working on his six (6) inch land dredge operation.
24779	The three men used to collectively pay a monthly rent of ₹1,000.
24780	The three osprey chicks have become popular internationally during the coronavirus lockdown.
24781	The three T20s will be played on December 4, 6 and 8, and the second and third matches will be played at the SCG.
24782	The three-time Division 1 state diving champion and three-time DCL All-Star received the Scott H. Pomerleau High Point Diving Award for the third straight season while also winning the North sectional diving crown.
24783	The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner ended the regular season with a 2.16 ERA.
24784	The three weeks end this weekend, and the authorities are debating today whether to renew the permits.
24785	The three-year-old boy also was awarded a certificate and a trophy that said, 'From a hero to a hero.'
24786	The throne speech says: “Canada cannot reach net zero without the know-how of the energy sector, and the innovative ideas of all Canadians, including people in places like British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Newfoundland and Labrador.”
24787	The thrust to reopen churches in particular has become one of the latest debates in the Covid-19 culture wars.
24788	The Tianwen 1 probe launched in July is en route to the red planet carrying a lander and a robot rover to search for water.
24789	The timeline in the first 3 episodes gets a bit confusing.
24790	The tiny Parisian chef’s passion for cooking drives him to make the world's best ratatouille, and to become a great French chef.
24791	The Titans checked them off one by one, adding up to a 61-48 victory at Titan Gym.
24792	The title character turns the superhero genre on its head.
24793	The tools of statistical analysis and machine learning, powerful as they are, can’t adequately assess what the world is experiencing.
24794	The top court’s Division Bench, headed by Justice D.Y. Chandrachud and comprising Justice Hemant Gupta have, however, refused to meet the rebels.
24795	The top four candidates are Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, former Vice President Joe Biden, Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren and former South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg.
24796	The top seven teams will automatically book spots at the 2023 World Cup in India.
24797	The top spot has to go to Morphy Richards EasyCharge 360, a brilliant, thoughtfully-designed cordless iron with a fantastic price tag and the ability to power through piles of ironing without giving us an arm ache.
24798	The top two sides in each pool will advance to the semifinals.
24799	The Torah states, ‘Remember the Shabbos to keep it holy.’
24800	The torpedoes were especially rigged for Taranto’s rather shallow waters (40-45 feet deep) and carried what the British called duplex pistols, or detonators, that would trigger on contact or in passing under the magnetic hull of a ship.
24801	The Tory MP said: “I don’t think she is.
24802	The total for the six states is 134, with Lagos recording 139.
24803	The total number of active cases is 58.
24804	The total number of confirmed COVID-19 cases for the Navajo Nation has reached 13,249 with 7,926 recoveries.
24805	The total number of coronavirus positive cases in India reached 1,397 on Tuesday, including the foreign nationals, with 1,238 active cases, the Union Health Ministry said.
24806	The total number of people claiming benefits in all programs — state and federal combined — for the week ending October 10 declined by 415,727 yet remained elevated at 22.65 million, indicating the pandemic’s severe disruption to the labour market.
24807	The total number of positive cases in the province is now 54,674, and 5,408 people have died since the crisis began.
24808	The total number of tests performed yesterday statewide was 10,715 and the percent positive was 2.6%.
24809	The total value of the compensations stands at €791,148.
24810	The total votes cast before Election Day now stands close to 3.3 million in New York.
24811	The Tour de Windhoek Light will have prize money of N$1 500 for first place, N$800 for second and N$500 for third in various categories, ranging from open men and women to u14 boys and girls.
24812	The tourist destination has been shut since November, 2018 following the order of North District Collector.
24813	The tournament organisers released a statement saying: "This decision was made after thorough consultation with state and local health authorities."
24814	The Town of La Ronge is a shining example of that… This council is one of the most diverse that I’ve seen.”
24815	The Toxteth-born teenager was handed the armband for Tuesday’s FA Cup fourth-round replay win over Shrewsbury just five days after celebrating his 19th birthday.
24816	The TPLF held local elections in September but these were considered illegal by the government in Addis Ababa, which unleashed an ongoing stand-off between the rebel movement and the government.
24817	The TRACE spokesman stated that the command apprehended 345 road traffic offenders during the ongoing COVID-19 lockdown ordered by the Federal and Ogun State Governments.
24818	The track earned British star Lipa three Grammy nominations, including for song and record of the year.
24819	“The tracker will give you something to reflect on,” he says.
24820	The tracking system model?
24821	The tracking system will guarantee the proper use of drugs at grassroot level and also reduce drug theft in the country.
24822	The track only has two sections to its progression, but simplicity is one of Mac’s specialties.
24823	The traders will now be able to self-clear their cargo coming from Mombasa via the rail at the facility within a day.
24824	The tragic part of this, of course, is that every moment frittered away to such exercises in denial — whatever their root cause — is a loss for all of us.
24825	The trailer is narrated by Dever's character and highlights the various cities and monsters within that will be featured on the show.
24826	The train tracks weave all throughout the map.
24827	The transcripts also revealed that Obama administration officials James Clapper, Susan Rice, Ben Rhodes, and Samantha Power denied taking part in the Flynn leak.
24828	The transformation is uncanny.
24829	The transition from talk to song is satiny smooth and heralds the moment that shifts the scene from familiar fiction (where characters are mortals, almost) to the exalted, magical kingdom of the musical (where they’re Astaire & Rogers).
24830	The Transportation Security Administration said it screened 1,031,505 individuals on Sunday, the most since mid-March.
24831	The transport industry is another red-alert sector of the economy that can be compromised in the present Covid-19 scenario.
24832	"The traveller has no symptoms but returned a positive test on arrival.
24833	The treatment involved an endometrial scratch before their first IVF treatment - this saw a small biopsy taken from the lining of the uterus.
24834	The tree house was just build a month ago.
24835	The trends and preferences dominating each region has a direct impact on the industries.
24836	The trial of 475 disgruntled air force pilots and other suspects linked to the base began in August 2017 in the country’s largest courtroom, which sits inside a prison complex in Sincan, Ankara province.
24837	The trial was expected to be held in January and last around a fortnight but the timing has been complicated both by the row about witnesses and the dramatic escalation of tensions with Iran.
24838	The trial, which starts this month and will run for a year, is limited to New Zealand at this stage.
24839	The tribunal also asked the ECP to de-notify the notifications of the election victory of the two MPAs.
24840	The Tribune also talked to another officer who overheard the conversation and said that Deras “boasted” about it.
24841	The trilogy's now reprinted into a single book, but could arguably work as a single animated movie or a trilogy.
24842	The trio helped Island Park beat the Otago Golf Club Bombers on Saturday to claim the club’s first pennants title.
24843	The triumph of democracy, market economy and innovation over the past decades has improved quality of life all over the world.
24844	The Tropang Giga will face the winner between Phoenix and Magnolia in the best-of-five semifinals.
24845	The tropical territories of Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands opted out of time changes as well.
24846	The true number of infected people is probably higher than the official total.
24847	The truly terrifying question is: ‘What if you change your mind?’
24848	The Trump administration has also supplied Ukraine with lethal defense equipment, including Javelin anti-tank weapons.
24849	The Trump Administration, he said, is backing up its words with actions across the US Government.
24850	The Trump administration is funneling vast sums of money to farmers before Election Day.
24851	The Trump administration opposes bans on assault weapons and US President Donald Trump has equivocated on whether to close background check loopholes.
24852	“The Trump administration’s testing for the coronavirus has been severely inadequate,” said the chairman of the House Oversight and Reform Committee, Rep. Carolyn Maloney, D-N.
24853	The Trump campaign, citing its own internal analysis, asserted the president is ahead by hundreds of thousands of votes among early ballots.
24854	The Trump campaign has two ‘war rooms’ set up on the White House grounds for election night, raising questions about the intermingling of politics and government.
24855	The Trump campaign set up ‘war rooms’ in the White House complex, blurring politics and government.
24856	The trusses, which weigh 4,000 pounds each, were cut by hand with a chainsaw and baked for 90 days, according to Benjamin Girardin.
24857	“The Trusting group have just as high fears about the direct health risks as the Dissenting group,” says Professor Duffy.
24858	The truth is, it’s sad all around.
24859	The truth is that a long-term increase in production from the free market policies of the U.S. shale industry is disastrous for both the Russians and the Saudis who are both heavily dependent upon the price of oil being kept artificially high.
24860	The truth is that our body and mind are not separate identities, they are one.
24861	The truth is that the census is nothing to fear.
24862	The truth is that the Rainbow Mafia is doing the persecuting.
24863	The truth of the matter is, much of the care that patients receive during this time falls into the already overburdened hands of the people taking care of them.
24864	The truth of the matter is there is not a clear legal answer.”
24865	The truth of the matter is the Republicans and the Republican leader don’t want to pass a bill too many on the hard right in the Senate and outside it would be angry with," Schumer said.
24866	The truTV trailer offers a realistic view of Winchenbach’s home life, featuring her wife, Deb Nicholls, their oldest adopted daughter, Katie, and the friends and neighbors who are trying to help build up “Tirdy Works” into an even bigger business venture.
24867	The t-shirt, created by artist Marty Abbe-Schneider, features Ghostface holding five cartons of cream, turning the fan title into a not-so-subtle pun.
24868	The tuberculosis virus is tenacious.
24869	The turnout was low for Saturday’s city polls, the country’s first major vote since Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and her party secured a record fourth term after the December 2018 general election.
24870	The Twain family is Loon Clan, a hereditary chief line in Anishinaabe traditional governance.
24871	The tweet comes after New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio asked for Musk’s help sourcing ventilators last week.
24872	The tweet received over 77,000 likes demonstrating the harmful reality that Trump isn’t alone in sharing these beliefs.
24873	The Twins activated right-handed started Michael Pineda and center fielder Byron Buxton on Tuesday and stuck them straight into the lineup against first-place Chicago, which rallied twice in Monday’s 8-5 win at Target Field.
24874	The Twins have spent, it feels like, almost an entire season waiting for their lineup to get healthy.
24875	The two announcements were officially gazette for the month of November, which among other things will see the national curfew being pushed to 22:30h to 4:00h.
24876	The two athletic departments joined together to encourage players and fans to wear these shirts in support of two of their own battling childhood cancer.
24877	The two bonded like brothers and spoke almost every other day, Kemp said.
24878	The two companies allegedly belong to a group of firms owned or controlled by the First Family.
24879	The two competitions were set to be part of the 2020 bouldering season with Seoul scheduled to host from May 8 to 10 and Salt Lake City from June 12 to 14.
24880	The two decide to take a trip to a convenience store to purchase a pack of cigarettes.
24881	The two girls could have grown up together with a normal relationship, playing and having fun as two sisters should.
24882	The two girls who were hospitalised, aged 10 and 13, were in a "satisfactory condition," she said.
24883	The two-hour forums will include small-group discussions.
24884	The two leaders also discussed the coronavirus, as well as climate change, greater cooperation on indigenous issues, trade and security.
24885	The two Legionnaires intervene when a number of shopkeepers try to arrest a man who has been stealing.
24886	The two lovebirds were captured in a car having fun cuddling each other.
24887	The two maintained Congress needs to avoid the mistakes made during the Great Recession ten years ago when state and local governments did not get adequate support, making the downturn worse and the subsequent recovery painfully slow.
24888	The two men met forehead-to-forehead, they stared each other down as they walked back to their corners.
24889	The two met after a town hall in Hampton, New Hampshire, and he invited her to brave the waves.
24890	The two most important changes haven't happened.
24891	The two officials “were involved in efforts to curb the spread of the pandemic,” says Rania Muhareb, a legal researcher at the Palestinian NGO Al-Haq.
24892	The two of them eventually manage to come back together and figure out how to listen to each other and find the best path forward for their faith.
24893	The two party delusion?
24894	The two pheasant daily bag limit, and six pheasant possession limit apply.
24895	The two-plus-two meeting reaffirmed America’s commitment to a comprehensive and forward-looking defense partnership with India.
24896	The two products were recalled on Monday as a precautionary measure and Iceland 'apologised for any inconvenience caused'.
24897	The two surviving children were placed in protective custody following the fire.
24898	The two teams also had to learn complex choreography for the performance in addition to writing and recording their rap verse.
24899	The two then got into a shoving match that landed Kendrick on the mat.
24900	The two-time All-Pro pass rusher hasn’t practiced all week.
24901	The two were friends since childhood, and were often mistaken for brothers when they were younger because they looked similar and share the same last name.
24902	The two-wheeler was seen in surveillance camera visuals.
24903	The two women were left standing over Nelle’s grave when the show ended on Thursday, and their confrontation will continue on Friday.
24904	The type is sometimes called the Virgin of the Sign (a reference to Isaiah 7:14), or “Platytera ton ouranon,” a Greek phrase which today might be translated, “womb more spacious than the stars.”
24905	The type of information shared, he adds, includes if the venue will be outdoors, if guests will be asked to wear masks, and if socially distant seating will be enforced.
24906	The UAC’s engagement manager Kim Paino says demand for health, with its reputation boosted by COVID, is up 18 per cent, yet this was a trend before Job-ready.
24907	The UAE became the first Gulf Arab state to open up diplomatic ties with Israel and only the third Arab nation to do so.
24908	The UDJ doesn't know the word yet.
24909	The UK and the US government are reportedly challenging the repatriation of the funds because of the alleged plan by the FG to transfer $110m out of the money to Kebbi State Governor.
24910	The UK cannot therefore be the relevant country for the purposes of those branches of private law.
24911	The U.K., for instance, just elected a government from a party historically at odds with labor movements and state subsidies.
24912	The UK had imposed a deadline of last week’s EU summit for a deal, and Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he was ready to walk away and prepare for a no-deal exit after five decades of EU membership.
24913	The UK housing secretary, Robert Jenrick, made the statement on the BBC’s The Andrew Marr Show.
24914	The UK must now find a future path outside the EU, one based on realism.
24915	The UK parliamentary 'expenses scandal' was a major political event that came to light in 2009.
24916	The UK PM added: "We've got until the end of the year, but we will be doing things very fast, and in a very friendly, respectful way."
24917	The UK's Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) regards other countries' travel restrictions as a matter for their own governments.
24918	The Umbrella Academy: Is the Netflix TV Series Cancelled or Renewed for Season Two?
24919	The umbrella-ella-ella is billowed the wrong way most of that video.
24920	“The (unbeaten) record, and the talk of the records, is all media.
24921	“The Undefeated” aims to celebrate the rich and meaningful history of African Americans in a way that is accessible to readers of all ages, while pointing ahead to a bright future.
24922	The underdog is there to change things around.
24923	The under-resourced Afghan health services are failing to meet the needs of this population, and women and girls with disabilities are far less likely to obtain any assistance.
24924	The under-resourcing of healthcare and the reluctance to suffer economic loss means that quarantine measures may have been delayed – resulting in economic meltdown on a scale not experienced before.
24925	“The undersheriff position is like a COO (chief operating officer) in other organizations and critical to moving the sheriff’s mission and vision forward,” Atkins wrote in an email.
24926	The undisputed king of World War One novels is of course Erich Maria Remarque, who served with Germany on the Western front during 1917 before being invalidated out with a serious wound.
24927	“The Undoing” focuses on the life of a wealthy family living in Manhattan.
24928	The unexpected humor he brought to the humorless Fleming superspy cemented Connery’s stardom.
24929	The UNHCR on the other hand said it needs $227m to catch up with its own obligations in Africa.
24930	"The unifying power of the Games can only unfold if everyone shows respect for and solidarity to one another.
24931	The Union brigade, led by James Wilson, had already gone through Birmingham, which at that point was Eloten, Montgomery and Selma.
24932	The Union government received bids from only one private firm and two state-owned companies for the eleven oilfields offered under the fifth round of Open Acreage Licensing Programme (OALP) auctions.
24933	The union has joined with a long list of private carriers in pressing for passage of a federal bill that would provide emergency aid for transportation services, including $10 billion for motor coach operators.
24934	The Union home ministry, the official told PTI, issued an order on Wednesday extending the deployment of about 10,000 troops in these companies “for maintaining law and order during lockdown in Delhi.”
24935	The union remains available for talks.'
24936	The Union Square branch reopened today with social distancing and safety measures in place.
24937	“The union wouldn’t have said anything to that effect if there was no case in the state.
24938	The United Nation and Ethiopia have agreed to allow aid into the country’s conflict-torn Tigray region.
24939	The United Nations we NEED must protect populations from the crippling effects of unilateral sanctions and other coercive measures.
24940	The United States and Hong Kong enjoy visa-free travel, making it easy for business executives to come and go.
24941	The United States could recover one month’s job losses within one to three months.
24942	The United States did not admit a single North Korean refugee in 2019 after years of admitting a few asylum seekers annually since 2004 under the North Korean Human Rights Act.
24943	The United States has expressed hopes for the end of the Saudi-led illegal blockade on Qatar during an event in Washington on Wednesday.
24944	The United States has vast satellite imaging and communications intercept abilities, and people adept at analyzing data that are picked up.
24945	The United States hit a record 16 million COVID-19 cases on Saturday afternoon, with deaths closing in on the 300,000 mark, even as millions of doses of a new vaccine were expected to start rolling out across the nation on Sunday.
24946	The United States is now inextricably bound to Latin America, whether we like or not.
24947	“The United States of America proudly joins you in commemorating the 72nd anniversary of Israel’s independence,” Trump writes in a letter released by Rivlin’s office.
24948	The United States recognized Afghanistan, then under the.
24949	“The United States should get a very large percentage of that price, because we’re making it possible,” Trump said at an evening press briefing at the White House when asked about his call for the Treasury to get paid a share of a TikTok deal.
24950	The United Way of Southwestern Indiana sponsors the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program to help low to moderate income families and individuals prepare their tax returns.
24951	The Unit promptly responded to information supplied about a shooting incident on an open field in 18th Avenue, Kensington.
24952	The unit’s director for international operations and former Edenvale SAPS station commander, Robbie Roberts, said the handover will help the SPCA during the difficult December and January months.
24953	The university argued that it had the right to manage its professors’ teaching methods, and that the manner in which he addressed a transgender student was not protected by the First Amendment.
24954	The university did not say when the transfer of shares happened but TimesLIVE is informed that the transfer of deal was signed and sealed after Mulaudzi publicly pronounced his takeover.
24955	The university has graded first and second-year students on the basis of their internal assessment and their performance in the previous semester.
24956	The University of Minnesota's women's suffrage club is pictured on right.
24957	The University of Nevada, Reno announced on Wednesday, April 29, orientations would be moved online this summer.
24958	The University of Notre Dame reported 58 confirmed cases since students returned to the South Bend, Indiana, campus in early August.
24959	The University of the Witwatersrand has adopted a multi-pronged approach to managing the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic.
24960	The university president explained her plan for campus residence and dining halls to reporters on Friday.
24961	The unknown, unregulated crowds could undo the hard work the countryтАЩs health care system has put in to curb the pandemic.
24962	The unmanned aircraft, flying in groups above Colorado, impacting a professional pilot and raising safety concerns.
24963	The unnamed woman is now being transferred to Athens, where hospitals are better equipped to deal with the disease.
24964	The unofficial theme to this draft for the Jets was about “protection and playmakers’’ — all of that geared to build around franchise quarterback Sam Darnold, who hasn’t had enough protection or playmakers in his first two NFL seasons.
24965	The unprecedented draft was held virtually, while players, teams and league officials talked through video conference software from their homes.
24966	The unvarnished truth.
24967	The UPA government that had unveiled the accord had failed to do so.
24968	The upcoming campaign begins on December 22 with pre-season contests starting next week.
24969	The upcoming device from LG will come with a side-rolling display which one can extend to use it as a tablet.
24970	The upcoming series is a cheeky response to President Trump's actual Space Force.
24971	The update is essentially tripping over itself, causing headaches for affected users.
24972	The update reported that 2,630 patients have been tested for the virus since the outbreak began, with 37 coming back positive, 2,581 negative and 12 still pending.
24973	The update will also bring new and improved privacy features for Safari, Memoji on Messages, and more.
24974	The upgraded Sleeper Class coach will be an economical AC 3-tier Class coach, which will fall between the AC 3-tier Class and non-AC Sleeper Class coaches.
24975	The upswing was led by automotive parts dealers as well as the sale of trucks and buses.
24976	The Urban Harvest Market, 2752 Buffalo Speedway, is still being held every Saturday morning from 8 a.m. to noon.
24977	The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) will work with local partners to provide food, emergency shelter, and cash assistance for 22,500 people in Albay and Catanduanes provinces.
24978	The U.S. and British governments have said they will take on liability risk if the vaccines cause side effects but it is not clear if that includes side effects caused by damage in transit.
24979	THE US and China signed a so-called ‘Phase One’ deal on Wednesday thus putting on hold a trade war between the two economic giants but leaves in place massive tariffs on Beijing’s goods while also sidestepping some of the thorniest issues.
24980	The US and its NATO allies have agreed to withdraw all their troops from the country within 14 months if the militants uphold the deal.
24981	The US and Taliban had been negotiating the deal for a year and were on the brink of an announcement in September 2019 when President Donald Trump abruptly declared the process “dead”, citing Taliban violence.
24982	The U.S. attack and Iranian threats of reprisals serve as a reminder that there is a geopolitical risk to oil from the Middle East, financial analysts said.
24983	“The US citizens have no choice,” the hackers wrote.
24984	The US Customs and Border Protection agency said on Wednesday its “Withhold Release Order” would ban cotton and cotton products from the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps (XPCC), one of China's largest producers.
24985	The use of biosolids in agriculture is increasingly coming under fire as a potential health and environmental threat, however.
24986	The use of “dirty” cash is falling off a cliff right now.
24987	The use of government property for political purposes has been a recurring theme in the Trump administration over the past year.
24988	The use of time travel in has been under curious scrutiny since the film’s release, but of the comics have made a time travel mistake the MCU heroes haven’t come close to.
24989	The U.S. flag was lowered to half-staff at Park Semper Fi in San Clemente, Calif., on July 31, 2020.
24990	"The U.S. food system is in the middle of a crisis."
24991	The US government has invested nearly half a billion dollars in the development of Moderna’s vaccine candidate.
24992	The U.S. government must give equal attention to building better cyber defenses.
24993	The US has a fragmented state law system, while the EU has a complex system of its own.
24994	The U.S. has been unable to ready hospitals, add skilled staff, and conduct critical pandemic medical research.
24995	The US has confirmed more than 1 million cases of coronavirus, according to data compiled by Johns Hopkins.
24996	The U.S. has lower life expectancy than the other wealthy countries but vastly higher expenditures per person.
24997	The US launched a trade war against China and has blamed Beijing for the COVID-19 pandemic, while China has cracked down on pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong, imprisoned Uighurs in Xinjiang and escalated tensions in the South China Sea.
24998	The U.S. Navy is also further arming its amphibious assault ships with lasers and other types of offensive weapons as well.
24999	“The US Navy is back following the Covid-19-driven reduced activity,” Schuster said.
25000	The U.S. Navy’s next big warship could look a lot like its current DDG-1000 class of stealthy destroyers, Rear Adm.
25001	The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) is working on six artificial intelligence-focused programs including an effort to deploy algorithms and a neural network to automate patent classification.
25002	The USPS is legally required to deliver all mail (at a flat rate) to any address in the nation, including those that might not be serviced by other mail delivery services.
25003	The US recorded a new record of more than 70,000 new cases of Coronavirus yesterday, up from 61,000 they day before.
25004	The U.S. restrictions come days after Israel announced quarantine requirements for all travelers coming from overseas.
25005	The U.S. star will join a range of fellow celebrities hoping to win the Star Baker apron on “The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer.”
25006	The U.S. that would never allow any country to dictate terms and conditions on any dam within its own territory.
25007	The V10 is the better option for houses, or just more comprehensive cleans on a single charge.
25008	The vaccination rate for all five-year-olds, from January to September this year, rose to 94.9%.
25009	The vaccine news, we believe, underpins our assumptions.
25010	The vaccine was developed by Moscow's Gamaleya Institute, and Putin said one of his two daughters is among the Russians already inoculated with the vaccine.
25011	The value of payments also came down to ₹18,603.06 crore last month.
25012	The Vashoth are those who don't know the Qun as they were not born into it.
25013	The vast majority (91 per cent) are concerned about the amount of data companies can collect about them.
25014	The vast majority of bars and restaurants are playing by the rules, doing the best they can to adhere to the health guidelines and stay in business.
25015	The vast majority of installations are done with no stucco or drywall damage.
25016	“The vast majority of Quebecers understand we can’t open the gyms and restaurants,” Legault told reporters on his way into daily question period at the legislature.
25017	The vehicle and driver were identified on Thursday.
25018	The vehicles crashed near Magnolia Avenue and Wardlow Road, and at least one of the men shot again into Perez’s vehicle then fled southbound on Magnolia, police said.
25019	The vehicles have been used since 1972, and continually refurbished.
25020	"The vehicles would fit as well now as they did when they first started," said Mr Walker.
25021	The Veilomani food bank initiative uses the Biblical concept of ‘Love Thy Neighbour' (Lomana Na Wekamu) and has been established to reach out to Fijians families directly affected by the COVID-19 quarantine where no one from the families can go to work.
25022	The vending machine could be on campus by the end of April.
25023	The verdict clears the last major hurdle for Santos to proceed after facing years of delays and thousands of objections surrounding feared impacts to groundwater, damage to the Pilliga state forest and contribution to global warming.
25024	The verdict might become a precedent, extremism expert believes.
25025	The Vernon man is staying with a friend and struggling to find a new place to live after he was forced out of his previous unit when the landlord wanted to renovate.
25026	The very conservative Justice Clarence Thomas, in his dissent, addressed the futility of Congress employing the courts to obtain information by subpoena for legislation, for example, strengthening the President’s financial disclosure obligations.
25027	The very first live-action introduction of the character came in Black Widow delighted audiences with her wit and acrobatic, combat skills.
25028	“The very first task I set myself was restoring the fighting spirit of the forces under my command,” he said.
25029	The very foundation of the better economies – is built on the patronage of indigenous industry and businesses from within championed by leadership.
25030	The “very impressive” doctor turns out to be Stella Immanuel of Houston, Texas.
25031	The very next day after some online detective work, the smash and grab victim was reunited with her backpack and at least her paperwork.
25032	“The vessel is lovely, there’s great food and great people to work with.”
25033	The veto threat drew fiery opposition from both Democrats and Republicans, many of whom pointed to the fact that Section 230 has nothing to do with defense and criticized the President’s attempt to use troops and national security as leverage.
25034	The Vice Chancellor praised the outgoing Director, Prof. Michael Agbor Ntui, now appointed to head HTTTC Bambili, for his skillful management despite the difficulties and limited infrastructures.
25035	The victim did not resist and his knowledge from working in the SAPS taught him his life is more valuable than his possessions.
25036	The victim in that shooting drove himself to the hospital.
25037	The victim is at the hospital and is in stable condition.
25038	The victim is identified as Kevin Kennebrew, 49, from Beaumont.
25039	The victims are merely prisoners of conscience taken mostly from religious groups.
25040	The victim was a class -II student at the elementary school in Embal.
25041	The victim was taken to St. Luke's Hospital where she underwent surgery.
25042	The Victorian government this week unveiled new rules for the state's businesses with tough new restrictions.
25043	The victory was in the U.S. Open first round on Tuesday.
25044	The video below shows David Perdue mispronouncing Harris’ name and then appearing to have fun with various pronunciations of it to the cheers of Trump supporters.
25045	The video camera camcorder has a TFT LCD screen with 270-degree rotation capability and two white LEDs in front of the camera.
25046	The video cuts away as the couple appears to try to drive off, and Makayla shouts for her mom to “watch,” but when the clip cuts back, Hill can be heard questioning if the car hit her.
25047	The video didn’t go viral until it was posted on Reddit in late December.
25048	The video ends before there is any resolution on what should happen to the cheating woman.
25049	The video from last Monday's White House coronavirus task force briefing has sparked controversy and has since gone viral.
25050	The video had subtitles to clarify the rules…
25051	The video has garnered considerable attention on social media, with most commenters sympathizing with the man on the throwing, rather than receiving end of the punches.
25052	The video is a good example of a brand taking a principled stand on an issue and while taking a seemingly light-hearted look, leaves the viewer with the obvious sense of injustice.
25053	The videos and photos of migrant workers walking back to their native states were going viral in social media.
25054	The video the cuts to the original one of the toddler hugging, and then cuts to the message “America is not the problem.
25055	The Village of Egg Harbor has been discussing what many have deemed to be a parking shortage for several years, but all of that talk has resulted in little action so far.
25056	The villain attempts to goad her, trying to get her to admit she can't take the shot, she doesn't have the guts.
25057	The Vincentian Congregation says it has two bishops, 555 priets, and 184 professed seminarians.
25058	The Vincy Premier T10 League 2020 match between Grenadines Divers and Salt Pond Breakers will not be broadcasted.
25059	The violinist Lady Jess playing in a tunnel formed by weeping beeches as part of “To America” at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn.
25060	The virtual festival will take place on the 2020 festival website.
25061	The virus can also be spread through droplets of saliva or nasal discharge.
25062	The virus has infected more than 200 people in China since December and is similar to the SARS virus.
25063	“The virus has killed at least 48 people,” he said that day.
25064	“The virus has not gone on holiday and neither have we,” Castex said.
25065	The virus is especially dangerous for pregnant women, hence Markle’s hesitation.
25066	The virus is feared to be rapidly spreading across the globe.
25067	The virus outbreak also crushed passenger travel and demand for new jets.
25068	The virus’s spread into red America could scramble partisan divisions over the disease.
25069	The virus works in killing the entire Borg Hive and the future is saved as Borg Data disappears from existence.
25070	The visitors were parking their cars other than the designated places and using hidden routes in the woods, he added.
25071	‘The visual element adds a lot to contact,’ he added.
25072	The VITA program begins February 6th, with 31 student volunteers ready to serve members of the community at 322 Home Avenue, home of the APSU Center for Service Learning and Community Engagement.
25073	The voice-the music-the visuals-and of course the actor.
25074	The volunteers had just under $3 million for the project.
25075	The volunteers will try to reach as many houses as they can on Saturday but will go out again on Tuesday and Friday, leaving messages for the households they are unable to contact.
25076	The vote on Ratcliffe was Rubio’s first official action as chairman.
25077	The vote was the second referendum in 15 years and considered the high-water mark of the separatist movement, coming on the heels of two failed constitutional accords and nearly two decades after the Parti Québécois first swept to power.
25078	The Vow: Where Is Barbara Bouchey From NXIVM in 2020?
25079	The vulnerabilities of a long food supply chain have been laid bare by the coronavirus pandemic as people across the world go hungry while farmers are forced to toss out their yields.
25080	The warmth even continues for Monday howevere there will be more clouds present.
25081	The warrant required the police to verify with postal inspectors that the ex-boyfriend was receiving packages at Taylor's address.
25082	The Warriors host Valentine, Nebraska, on Tuesday.
25083	The Warriors other main tool to add talent in the offseason, whenever it comes, is the $17,185,185 traded player exception they received for Andre Iguodala.
25084	“The Washington Post and the WSJ were called up by the same unnamed ‘officials’ as we were.
25085	The Washington State Department of Commerce awarded a $300,000 development assistance grant toward the project in 2016.
25086	The washroom at Westview RV Park in Wetaskiwin, Alta., has been named Canada’s Best Restroom for 2020.
25087	The water and pee piled up along with toilet paper on top of the sandwich.
25088	The water consumer tariff in Tbilisi and Mtskheta is set to increase from 32.9 tetri to 50 tetri per cubic meter, while the per capita price will rise from GEL 3.892 to GEL 4.518.
25089	The way she stood with ‘s father and sisters after his demise was commendable.
25090	“The way that we financed ourselves in Florida is a good model for how it’ll work here (in Las Vegas),” Wes Edens, co-founder of Fortress Investment Group, which owns Brightline, told the Las Vegas Review-Journal.
25091	The way the Department of Labor calculates the number of people who are continually filing for unemployment over multiple weeks has caused issues in reporting this year, the GAO said.
25092	“The way things stand it’s either going to be an immediate shutdown or a slow and certain death,” he added.
25093	The way we’re looking at it is, we’re training when nobody’s looking so, we’ve got to be ready whenever the time comes.”
25094	The weapon was provided to her by her brother.
25095	The Weather Network — com.
25096	The webinar, Business and Health Care Powers of Attorney, will cover powers of attorney, health care directives and end-of-life decision-making considerations.
25097	The week after Columbus Day was different.
25098	The weekend festivities don’t apply to national parks, plus anyone taking fish out of the province must purchase a license.
25099	The Week in Drag – Miz Cracker Lights the Menorah, Morgan,…
25100	The Week in Drag – Ru-caps Ahoy, The Week in Willam,…
25101	The Week in Drag – the Queens React to the Snatch Game, Trixie Mattel Covers Whitney Houston, the Vivienne and Baga…
25102	The weekly chart of MSFT shows that it has also exceeded the weekly starc+ band for the past three weeks.
25103	The weight I gained during my knee injury has not gone away.
25104	The WFC-E38 MEGATRON figure stands at 7 inches tall and converts into classic G1 Cybertronian tank mode in 17 steps.
25105	The WGA also proposed that the WGA Health Fund — which is jointly administered by representatives of the guild and the studios — extend eligibility to plan participants through the end of the year.
25106	The “what works by model” matrix shortly after the project was announced.
25107	The white community should realise that Ramaphosa is a code speaker and whilst you as a white person might not have an idea about what he is speaking about, it does have meaning to the black masses.
25108	The White House claims that Katie Miller tested negative Thursday, and an administration official said that she had not had recent contact with either the president or the vice president.
25109	The White House did not mount a formal defence during the House impeachment inquiry as it refused to cooperate with the Democratic-led committees.
25110	The White House is embracing the strategy in its bid to maintain control of the Senate and flip the House.
25111	The White House is threatening to cut off federal health care funding to California over abortion.
25112	The White House rebuked Biden's comments, arguing that diseases like the Spanish Flu, Ebola and Zika are all "named for places."
25113	The Whitesnake musician wrote on Instagram: “I can’t quite express my feelings this afternoon after learning of Peter’s death.
25114	The Who announced Thursday morning that the group is postponing its U.K. tour, which was scheduled to start Monday in Manchester, but promised that the shows will “definitely happen.”
25115	The WHO can help in vital areas for coordination such as ensuring the production and delivery of medical supplies to those in need, in an effective, efficient, and equitable manner – by facilitating advance purchase agreements, for example.
25116	The WHO insisted that information was being “provided to the community and to parents through health talks and community outreach”, among other unspecified methods.
25117	The whole article is about the union and their lack of concern for the woman.
25118	The whole budget process was launched almost two years ago and the EU’s executive commission had insisted it be finished last fall, as the current budget period expires this December.
25119	The whole city came to a standstill and it felt like everyone was talking about him.
25120	“The whole family and even the neighbours are excited,” said Joy.
25121	The whole justice system will have to be remade to break this cycle of despair.
25122	The whole situation was super heated, with a very frustrated Brown cussing at the officers — telling them they don’t know how to do their jobs.
25123	The whole system kept working because workers in 2011 were much, much more productive than in 1945.
25124	The whole thing is like a lifelong episode of where no one has a good idea and everyone wins.”
25125	The WHO recommended that priority should be given to essential travel for emergencies, humanitarian actions, travel of essential personnel, and repatriation.
25126	The WHO said the region is now contributing nearly half of all new cases reported worldwide this week.
25127	The widespread Internet access and availability is seen to be a huge boost to education and research and is envisioned to promote tourism through user-generated posts on social media.
25128	The Wildcats seem to enjoy being playing at Finneran Pavilion; they’re currently 9-0 this season at home and have a 20-game winning streak overall.
25129	The wildlife survey will be conducted through modern techniques including distance sampling, line transects, installation of camera traps.
25130	The window boxes will stay as they are.
25131	“The window for us to recoup costs from our show is closing,” Jay added.
25132	The winds could be damaging, the weather agency warns.
25133	“The wings are straight and broadened.
25134	The win marked the Johnnies’ first home win over a top-10 team since 1975 when the Red Storm defeated No. 7 Tennessee.
25135	The winner of this Four Corner Survival match will earn a TV title shot for later in the evening.
25136	The Winter 2020 issue of Army AL&T magazine attempts to tackle all aspects of Army acquisition, as well as myriad other topics.
25137	The winter aeration system in Town Bay will be started Jan 16; avoid this area as there will be open water and thin ice.
25138	The Within Europe market decreased by 7.8% year-on-year.
25139	The “W)kpp3n33” demonstration follows two others organised in Tamale and Kumasi by the Inter-Party Resistance against New Voters Register.
25140	The woman in her 30s is the eighth person to test positive for the Covid-19 coronavirus in New Zealand.
25141	The woman in the video denied flipping him off and he did not accuse her of using a racial slur against him when they were together.
25142	The woman-owned distillery is also rolling out a number of initiatives to help their restaurant and bar colleagues across the city.
25143	The woman pleaded not guilty when her trial began in October, but she later testified that the police had pressured her into retracting her accusations, and the handling of the case by the authorities was condemned in Cyprus and Britain.
25144	The woman reportedly took the man to Crane, West Coast Demerara, and the man is said to have paid her $1,000.
25145	The woman said out of fear she gave Sutton the pictures he wanted.
25146	“The woman was found in the driver’s seat with the car locked and idling and there was a hosepipe running from the exhaust, sealed with tape, through the window, which was also sealed with tape.”
25147	The woman was then allegedly robbed of £400, a necklace and three rings.
25148	The woman, who is 53 and from Germany, fell from the balcony of an apartment on Triq il-Qsajjem.
25149	The women are amazed at the experience of being to close to the giant animals and continue to serenade them.
25150	The women arrived in Los Angeles from Alabama this weekend.
25151	The women on the ground, those running their communities, should be the ones considered the experts, even if they themselves do not see themselves as such, Nemsitsveridze and Jegorova-Askerova tell me.
25152	The Woodward Fire in Marin County has now burned 3,072 acres and is at 10 percent containment, officials say.
25153	The word “mythical” suggests a higher organizing principle at work.
25154	The word that comes to mind is “gas-lighting”.
25155	The workers and organizers are the corona-idled events team from the local ski resort — they get supplies from Food Bank of the Rockies.
25156	The workers earn their salaries.
25157	“The work ethic I learned growing up in Greenville has been an important part of who I am today,” he said.
25158	The working group has now proposed to allow large corporate/industrial houses, but only after necessary amendments to the Banking Regulations Act 1949 to deal with connected lending and exposures and tightening of supervisory norms.
25159	The work is only in the early stages, having been studied in lab animals.
25160	The work is still in progress.
25161	The workload of premier fast bowlers Jasprit Bumrah and Mohammed Shami is of paramount importance to India captain Virat Kohli.
25162	The work of veteran newsman Francis Pharcellus Church has since become history’s most reprinted newspaper editorial, appearing in part or whole in dozens of languages in books, movies, and other editorials, and on posters and stamps.
25163	The workout reportedly was canceled after the Seahawks sought a commitment that he wouldn’t kneel during the national anthem.
25164	The workshop is scheduled for 10 a.m. to noon on Jan.
25165	The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), which receives more funding from the United States than from any other country, is lobbying for extensive changes to the bill.
25166	“The world as we knew it has changed and is still changing.”
25167	The World Bank says 93 per cent of companies reported a reduction in sales in the last 30 days compared to the same period in 2019, while only two per cent reported an increase.
25168	The world has never encountered a virus like this.
25169	THE World Health Organisation chief today praised Boris Johnson for his northern lockdown - saying the world is showing "green sheets of hope".
25170	The World Health Organisation says a rate over 5% is concerning.
25171	The World Health Organisation, WHO said on Tuesday that the new coronavirus was likely to spread to other parts of China and possibly other countries in coming days.
25172	The World Health Organization on Thursday said that there are more than 191,000 confirmed cases across more than 150 countries; an unofficial tally by researchers at Johns Hopkins University pegs that number still higher.
25173	“The world is a better place without him.
25174	The world is LACKING people with the wherewithal to put those ideas on paper.
25175	The world isn't buying it, and neither should the Chinese people.
25176	The world likely can’t keep global warming to a relatively safe minimum unless we change how we grow, eat and throw away our food, but we don’t need to all go vegan, a new study says.
25177	The world No.2 had said TA would have to be prepared to take drastic action.
25178	The world seems like a terrible and strange place sometimes, The last couple of days has seen a number of accounts of sexual harassment, grooming and worse made public on social media.
25179	The worldwide death toll crept toward 10,000 as the total cases topped 220,000, including nearly 85,000 people who have recovered.
25180	The worst affected areas are old woodwork where there is underlying old led paint.
25181	The worst and best part about watching during self-isolation is its contribution to the vertigo one feels when stuck inside.
25182	“The worst-case scenario is China starts shutting down all its ports.
25183	The worst things I've read about myself is that I do juju and I tell God that the day I have to do juju, God should take my life.
25184	“The wrinkle in your elbow reminds me of something but I can’t quite place what…”
25185	The writer and producer admitted he had initially sketched out storylines for further episodes beyond series five.
25186	The writer hasn’t just survived her trials and tribulations.
25187	The writer is a professor of politics at New York University and author of “The Presidential Election Game” and “Mathematics and Democracy: Designing Better Voting and Fair-Division Procedures.”
25188	The writer, whose poem on mental health was featured in the Duchess of Sussex's guest-edited Vogue issue in September, shared a thank you note he received from Meghan, 38, showcasing her flawless writing.
25189	The XM1128, a 155 mm high-explosive extended-range unitary cannon projectile, has been identified as an important munition for Army modernization under the Long Range Precision Fires Cross-Functional Team.
25190	The X-wing used on set was ready to be shipped off to Orlando.
25191	The x-year-old has spent the current season on loan at Bayern Munich, but the German side are not expected to make the deal permanent, meaning he will most likely be on the move again.
25192	They accepted that it’s normal to see women naked and it wasn’t that big a deal, so they had extremely little or no urge to want to bed a woman who isn’t theirs.
25193	The yacht had been stripped back to basics, with two tiny bathrooms decked out with hand pump toilets.
25194	“They actually really cared about the space.”
25195	“They actually threw a glass of water through a window at one of the employees.”
25196	They added that Finnish troops at the base in Irbil that was targeted were were protected in a bomb shelter and were not hurt.
25197	“They added two new trenches in case we need them,” a Department of Correction spokesperson said.
25198	They added: “We are a very close family and our world was turned upside down when we lost our mum in tragic circumstances.
25199	"They (agents) have witnessed the situation, they came safe and are leaving safe, with few remaining behind to receive the tourists this month," said Justice Mihayo.
25200	They agree that the circumstances of the pandemic in November are impossible to predict, but they note that medical authorities have predicted a second spike of the virus in the fall.
25201	They all came from towns outside New York.
25202	They all got together in late 2017.
25203	They all made it safely to the riverbank.
25204	They all seem to get it.
25205	They also announced they are adding 15 feet of extra glass to the bridge.
25206	They also asked for his plans to boost flagging sales in the United States and China.
25207	They also considered an alternative explanation, in which the black hole was ejected from the host galaxy’s center.
25208	They also did not accept tea and water offered to them during the meeting, which began around mid-day.
25209	They also didn’t tell CBS4 if they believe the suspects ran to a home or business.
25210	“They also did provide a good amount of snacks but we were only given two water bottles a day, which I thought was lacking,” Nitsch said.
25211	They also juggle jobs, rushing back and forth from brain-bending recording sessions in storage units, to 3am dog-walking gigs and neon-lit kitchen shifts.
25212	They also looked at the United States, but only three states had no social distancing policies.
25213	They also need a high degree of policy certainty as these require high upfront investments.
25214	They also patrol the N3, N12 and N17 highways with their highway patrols, to which they have dedicated vehicles.
25215	They also put a QR code in restaurants that forwarded shoppers to their website.
25216	They also said they wanted to see emails that Weinstein wrote about Haleyi and asked for a detailed explanation of the two charges involving her allegations - an indication that they haven't reached a verdict on either of them.
25217	They also took steps to protect nursing homes, including barring most visitors.
25218	They also transport the patient to a medical facility and following receiving a call from the dispatcher, the EMT-B drives the ambulance to the destination given, using the most expeditious route, depending on the traffic and weather conditions.
25219	The Yankees have the depth to cope with his short-term absence, but his presence will be helpful in the team’s quest to keep pitch counts down for their starters during the shortened 60-game season.
25220	They appeared en masse earlier this year at gun rights protests in Virginia and at rallies against COVID-19 restrictions around the country.
25221	They are able to heal each other from the hurting.
25222	They are about to ignore the executive orders.
25223	“They are Abuja, Kano, Lagos, Enugu and Port Harcourt.
25224	They are a few tourists per week, but it is a step in the right direction”, said Tourism Minister Gustavo Segura.
25225	They are aged 19 to 93 and every generation in between, and that was really important.
25226	They are all already sold.
25227	They are also asking that sick children at the center’s New Horizon School system and Sunday School be kept home.
25228	They are an ideal match with someone like Starlight, because she is just the kind of hero that they can appreciate and understand.
25229	They are a scammer, and they want to steal innocent customers’ personal information and misuse personal data.
25230	They are being represented by Mr Arshiel Mugiya, Mr Innocent Chingarande, Mr Nikita Madya, Mr Webster Jiti and Mr Mehluli Tshuma.
25231	They are big business.
25232	They are certainly less verbose than the Beales, but no less expressive.
25233	They are convinced that guards who have to look through hundreds of health codes every day only care about the colour and pay no mind to the timestamp.
25234	They are currently just three points outside the top four, with matches against Crystal Palace, Arsenal and Everton coming up.
25235	They are designed to keep players in their chairs or on their couches in ways that traditional sports obviously do not.
25236	They are developing distance learning plans, trying to duplicate online the lessons they originally prepared to deliver in their classrooms.
25237	“They are doing a great job of wiping things down after every rider,” he said, “so I think that’s been really good.”
25238	They are family to us, and we love them dearly.”
25239	They are from the Bible Belt states of North Carolina and Georgia respectively and dyed-in-the-wool Republican Trump supporters.
25240	They are giving The New York Times an intimate look at their journeys in through the rest of the year.
25241	They are going to want to look ‘normal’, and so they are going to have their man on the side and their girlfriend that makes them look ‘normal’,” she explained.
25242	They are good methods for inspecting the output of neural networks to understand whether their decisions are based on the right or wrong features.
25243	They are healthy, but will still go through a 21-day quarantine period.
25244	“They are interviewing Santa and Mrs. Claus at the North Pole, with the elves working in the workshop.
25245	They are isometric action-RPG spin-offs for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox to series that was only available on the PC at the time.
25246	“They are looking for a service that is kind of a wraparound service that is going to respond to their social needs, their economic needs, their political needs, their community needs.”
25247	They are merely waiting for the American nod.
25248	They are militaristic and protect the Shadowlands from external threats.
25249	“They are misspelling words on purpose.
25250	“They are more reflective of tactics of a government led by a dictator, not from the government of our constitutional democratic republic.”
25251	They are not climate controlled.
25252	They are NOT far-left democrats, they are communist demoncrats!
25253	“They are not monitoring the amount of people allowed in the establishment … exposing people to coronavirus.”
25254	“They are not runaway prices.
25255	They aren’t doing anything.
25256	They are of vastly different sizes and of vastly different exercise appetites.
25257	They are outnumbered by men but get more NIH funding than men do.
25258	They are predominantly sold in western Canada, and come with double-pane residential windows and expanded ventilation and insulation.
25259	They are prevented from going abroad by international sanctions, so they come and go not only to where I work now, but higher up.
25260	They are safe, provide variety of option and also premium of services, you purchase.
25261	They are served with mashed potatoes or French fries and covered with gravy.
25262	They are solicited or spontaneous.
25263	They are still demanding, among other things, life insurance and hazard allowances.
25264	They are temporarily open to the public and customers can shop with a day pass. You will receive the pass at the door when you present your driver's license.
25265	They are the brand.
25266	They are this embodiment of resilience.”
25267	They are using key card systems to keep escorts working from hotel rooms.'
25268	They are using our wealth and spending it on terrorism in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, and Yemen, while our people are living on less than half a dollar a day.
25269	They are usually small affairs — no more than about a dozen people, including bride and groom — who want a beautiful, cheap background for that special moment.
25270	‘They are well known as a sub species of inveterate rule breakers.
25271	They began exchanging regular text messages, and he convinced her to sexually assault young children and share the images.
25272	They both campaigned in Florida yesterday, with Biden holding a drive-in event in the reliable Democratic enclave of Broward County, and Trump holding a rally in Tampa.
25273	They both join the team to battle the mut-orgs.
25274	They bought Bastian two Morgan horses, sent him to train as a carriage driver at a Virginia farm and dressed him in old-fashioned riding gear.
25275	They briefly set fire to City Hall in Nashville, Tennessee, while two police vans were filmed plowing through protesters in New York City, The New York Times.
25276	They can also block the harmful website that children are susceptible to visit unknowingly.
25277	They can also go work, pick up a take-out meal from a restaurant, travel to take care of a family member, friend, or pet, and can still go walking, hiking, biking, and golfing, provided that they adhere to social distancing guidelines.
25278	“They can also just silence whoever they want by arbitrarily detaining them.”
25279	They can be horribly dangerous, those serves.
25280	They can come, get a ticket, and go to that shelter?”
25281	“They can distill out the spit from the nest and have a liquid like this.”
25282	“They can do this in person or over the phone.
25283	They can get the phone at half the price if they activate a new line and trade in an old phone from at least late 2018.
25284	They can hide it.”
25285	They can only be moved by the efforts they could see on the ground, being made by politicians and stakeholders, in building and sustaining the peace, which can be achieved without spending millions of dollars on a Peace Commission.
25286	They can promote pluralism and tolerance.
25287	They can shoot on goals without ‘keepers.
25288	They can take inspiration from Marley and add maybe the diesel engine of a boat.
25289	They can't leave that environment.
25290	“They can’t practice social distancing there, they can’t do the kind of hygiene the rest of us are trying to pursue in our lives.”
25291	They caused harm to people like me.”
25292	“They circumvented our effectiveness because the only way a movement, any kind of protest like this, is really meaningful is if it disrupts.
25293	They cited me out for two and one I need to go to court immediately on.
25294	They cited noise, odor, traffic and safety issues as other reasons for their disapproval.
25295	They cite the necessity of trained administration in a certified lab.
25296	They come in coughing a lot.
25297	They communicated with a kind of spiritual integrity that cut through initial apprehension or scepticism.
25298	They continue streaming from the flat from 5.00am to about 7.00am and head to various locations.
25299	They cough it up straight afterwards though but the Cats can’t pick a target inside 50 with Dangerfield and Hawkins outnumbered in the air.
25300	“They could do a skit with my favourite things about Dad or Dad-isms.”
25301	They could win out and get the top seed.
25302	They cut to a split screen break at 8:00.
25303	They decide to reconnect but Hye-jin backs out seeing how much they've changed.
25304	They defeated Saint Francis (PA) last year, 65-54.
25305	"They definitely show a problem, everywhere.
25306	“They did a good job stuffing us up front,” Narduzzi said.
25307	They did in fact have grounds for complaint, as Leão appeared on the replays to have launched his run too soon – crossing halfway before the game actually started.
25308	“They didn’t feel that a store in our neighborhood could financially sustain itself,” he said.
25309	They didn’t for me!
25310	They didn't know police had already visited the home at the request of Tercero's sister, who'd received a concerning phone call, but left when no one answered the door.
25311	They didn’t know what caused the disease, but they did understand that, if someone had the disease, other people would acquire it.
25312	"They didn't show up until 3, 4, 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
25313	They didn’t want their feelings to be ignored or to feel like they were unwanted.
25314	“They did their duty, performed their roles as law enforcement officers and, above all, did not break the law.”
25315	They did this with Farve when they drafted Rodgers.
25316	They distill, on-site, many of the hydrosols and essential oils used in their natural, handcrafted aromatherapy products.
25317	They'd only be pissed if you didn't send a copy of the videos.
25318	"They don't allow private training in the purple tier.
25319	They don't bother to fact-check, because they know that Democrats are killing babies and that abortion kills more people than any plague in the history of ever.
25320	They don't even know how many cases they have in amongst their own citizens, Tokyo seems to be a very hot area, what american base is there?
25321	They don’t know English, but they understand the buyers do.”
25322	They don’t know which customers are profitable versus those who are not.
25323	They don’t need to be “classic” beers to do this — Solace’s Partly Cloudy is one that comes to mind for me — just well made, and not taxing on the palate.
25324	They drew the darling in the dreaded 4/5 matchup in the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals.
25325	They drilled a hole through the window and used it to throw a smelly substance through it, to make Valko open the windows.
25326	The year 2020 was one of the most turbulent years ever witness as the Coronavirus Pandemic wreaked havoc across the world.
25327	The year was 2010, MTV's Headbangers Ball was on its last legs, when the now-infamous Attack Attack! video for "Stick Stickly" was released, changing.
25328	The yeast multiplies in giant vats, and becomes a concentrated slurry of yeast cells – the cream.
25329	The Yellow Battery he engineered in the anti-matter dimension has allowed him to manipulate creation just like Krona in the main DC Universe.
25330	The Yellow model is out-of-stock online, but in-store stock is plentiful here in Dallas.
25331	“They erase your mistakes,” Fisher said.
25332	They especially struggled with getting matched up on tight ends.
25333	They evacuated 143 people from Corvian Community School in the University City area and helped 12 people stranded in trapped vehicles.
25334	They even bombed the singer’s residence in his hometown, killing his very uncle, in a last ditch effort to get hold of the body.
25335	They even got a second internet plan at one point, DSL through the now beleaguered Frontier, just in case a storm completely took out their internet or they ran out of data.
25336	They even high-fived the people virtually sitting next to them and participated in the virtual wave!
25337	"They even tried to have this condemned, unsafe and unusable bridge landmarked in the hopes of preventing it from ever being removed and rebuilt (which we understand would be to the detriment of the area’s economic needs).
25338	They exchanged vows on April 10, 2005.
25339	“They exemplify Bishop Robert Barron’s quote: ‘Your life is not about you.’
25340	They (fans) say Anita Asuoha seems too ‘lousy’, trying too hard to impress, and her beauty routine is very much unsatisfactory – that being chubby or plussize shouldn’t be an excuse for not looking good.
25341	They feared the image of Meghan wearing a party hat with a blower in her mouth could come back to haunt her, and could even be made into a 'Megxit meme', a humorous viral picture.
25342	They fell to less than $50 by the end of 2014 and sank even lower in early 2015.
25343	They finally selected the embryo that later became Emma in March 2017.
25344	They find somewhere they like and go back year after year.
25345	They forgot us': Honeymooner who caught coronavirus on doomed.
25346	They found that 89 per cent of public sector workers contributed to a pension in 2019, compared with 75 per cent in the private sector, notwithstanding the introduction of auto-enrolment in 2012.
25347	They found that when the worms lacked a hormone called DAF-7, it doubled peroxide resistance.
25348	“They get to meet candidates, have opportunities to see them multiple times, ask them questions, shake their hands.”
25349	They go on the street to round up ordinary hungry citizens and charge them for wandering and breaking the lockdown order.
25350	'They got away with £1 million in property including more expensive watches such as a Patek Phillipe and haul in cash in the safe was about and around 400,000 euros.'
25351	“They grow up getting hateful examples by the adults that are supposed to teach us right from wrong.
25352	They had a 31-18 halftime lead in cruising to the win.
25353	They had accused him of reneging on an earlier agreement they had with the police, and asked the houses of assembly in the south-east to enact laws that would give a legal backing to the establishment of a regional security outfit for the zone.
25354	They had a period where they were struggling.
25355	They had a strategy to deal with a ‘death of Stalin’-type scenario,” he told the newspaper.
25356	“They had a two-goal lead and were very comfortable.
25357	“They had every right to protect themselves.”
25358	They had pronghorn as close as 7 yards from the blind.
25359	They had signs that says six foot distancing, or whatever.
25360	“They had the means, but then they also had the political will, and also the very good analytical insights to use the means,” Brzeski, said, noting Merkel was a scientist before entering politics.
25361	“They had the vision needed to guide this huge project while recognizing practical hurdles,” he noted.
25362	They had thought they would be home by Christmas, but the fighting would continue for another two-and-a-half years.
25363	They had wings strapped to their body, each with four engines -- not your typical jetpack.
25364	They hate not knowing so people are waiting to see, to give it a few days to settle."
25365	They have allowed COVID-19 to become a catastrophe and caused countless unnecessary deaths by first denying the pandemic and then delaying and bumbling its response.
25366	“They have a lot of questions.”
25367	"They have a lot of sex without consequence.
25368	They have a retro charm, but are also being brought bang up to date.
25369	“They have been a blessing.”
25370	They have been admitted to a government hospital where the condition of one of them was stated to be critical, police said in a release.
25371	They have been put down as possibly covid 19 related.
25372	They have blacklisted him”.
25373	They have conducted multiple camps in Vikhroli's Shiv Chaya Rahivasi Sangh, Panthar Nagar, Hariyali Village, Tagor Nagar and Kannamear Nagar and have screened 1,600 people.
25374	They have construction and technological deals in America north and South, Europe, Asia.
25375	They have five children together.
25376	They have had many requests for Reznor calendars and Reznor plush toys, which are next on her list to research and design.
25377	They have healthcare, but because electricity fails and diesel and gas are too expensive, patients die.
25378	“They have helped ensure that those who lost their lives in this tragedy will never be forgotten,” he added.
25379	They have it in the basement so that visitors can see the support beams which were originally ships timbers from the 1600s.
25380	“They have started conversations with his team, and ideas are still being bounced around.
25381	They have taken such good care of us & our kids over the years we can’t help but have those doctors, nurses and staff members on our hearts during this unfathomable time!
25382	“They have thoroughly enjoyed the learning experience and have engaged enthusiastically with every successful step we’ve made.”
25383	They have thus little time to do their homework.
25384	… They have to stay home.
25385	They have very healthy and typical relationships with food, so it's not something that I've worried about.
25386	They hope the convoy for action will raise awareness of the crisis and help propel the formal implementation of the Calls for Justice forward.
25387	They hope to raise awareness about how to keep children safe from smog and to reduce pollution by persuading parents to stop driving their kids to school and put them on school buses instead.
25388	The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 0.67% from 0.66% late Tuesday.
25389	They imagined an independent pop band called Beyond Blue.
25390	They include big names such as The Peatbog Faeries, Trail West and Blazin’ Fiddles, alongside a line-up of the finest craft food and drink suppliers from the region.
25391	They include Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders, Pete Buttigieg, Elizabeth Warren and Amy Klobuchar.
25392	They include Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, who chairs Trump’s reelection campaign in the state, as well as West, the GOP chairman.
25393	They include Street Outreach, which provides support to people experiencing unsheltered homelessness wherever they are; that support includes immediate assistance and services.
25394	They inspired me to reread “The Song of Hiawatha.”
25395	They instantly remind you of your values and what you want to put out into the world.
25396	They issued a “buy” rating and a $142.00 target price on the stock.
25397	They issued a “hold” rating and a $14.00 target price for the company.
25398	They join co-creator Dave Filoni, who returns as a director this season, as well as Carl Weathers, who plays Greef Karga on the series and is directing this season as well.
25399	They just buy you time for the body to heal.
25400	“They just do a lot of things well.
25401	They just keep blaming each other.
25402	They knew in late February and early March that the coronavirus was spreading in nearby northern Italy, and across the other border in Germany, but no one was alarmed.
25403	They knew what pitches were coming and they hammered them.
25404	They know that the science is valuable, but it won’t amount to a hill of beans if there are no beds, ventilators or nurses.
25405	They know which products are poor, the best way to use what you are buying, must-have items for the task ahead and what’s just great value.
25406	They landed him in the hospital.
25407	They live a hand-to-mouth life.
25408	They live in crowded conditions, sharing bathrooms and eating facilities where social distancing is impossible.
25409	They’ll be having this discussion at The Grand Phoenix bar, so Billy will push Lily to have one more drink with him.
25410	“They’ll be hidden.
25411	They’ll be important not only for their own play but also for their guidance of this inexperienced group.
25412	They'll decide what steps they will continue with.
25413	They'll have plenty of adventures in the next few issues, especially if they have to deal with the apparent slasher who's starting to make camp counselors disappear.
25414	They'll have to scrap large group activities and field trips, and parents will have to drop off their kids without going in. The guidelines call for one-way entrances and exits for children or curbside drop-offs with parents waiting in their cars.
25415	They’ll need a repeat performance Sunday, facing a Baltimore defense that blitzes more than every team in the NFL except the Steelers.
25416	They’ll remain on sale alongside this newer generation, hitting more affordable price points.
25417	They’ll take a look at the game plan and make sure there aren’t too many moving parts or things that Wentz has to get them in and out of.
25418	They look down upon the Earth from worlds beyond the stars, watching, waiting, judging… But who or what are they, these strange, all-powerful beings and entities?
25419	They lost,” Peters said to reporters at the Goodison Cider Mill.
25420	They love to tell everyone else what to do.
25421	“They made it a national issue,” he said.
25422	They may have to transfer to those who have ATM cards to withdraw.
25423	They may not be wearing costumes (which is always a shame for comic book fans) but it's awesome seeing them together for the first time in a live-action setting.
25424	They may well be, but they don’t add anything to the effectiveness of the product (fragrance actually hampers it) and are an excuse to whack up the price.
25425	The YMCA says those positions were the brainchild of WE Charity, the organization originally tapped by the Liberal government to administer the Canada Student Services Grant, and that the Y never agreed to host them.
25426	They murdered my brother,” Floyd’s sister, emotionally told the “Today” show.
25427	They must also call 811 to arrange for a COVID-19 test.
25428	They must also ensure that their ATMs and other devices used by members of the public, are regularly disinfected and sterilized.
25429	They must give careful consideration to planning and implementing the public health steps that will allow America to return to normal.
25430	“They need this cleared up before they go ahead and complete their sale.”
25431	They need to do something new, and Jason just gave Kim the perfect idea.
25432	They no longer sell raw milk, and their farm store is closed except for customers picking up pre-ordered cheese.
25433	They note that a number of factors can impact cow-calf health, including slow grass growth and moisture conditions that may delay grazing readiness and result in prolonged feeding.
25434	They notice bright colors.
25435	They not only didn’t have it, their selection was incredibly outdated to the point where I question if anyone ever bought movies there.
25436	They now accuse the opposition of common crimes such as armed robbery, possession, and drug trafficking.
25437	The Yobe office of Sustainable Development Goals (SDG), says it has sponsored 50 youths for training as auto mechanics at the Kaduna Peugeot Automobile Company under its skills development programme.
25438	They offer a full-service suite to businesses, helping them with everything from early IoT strategy to the development and deployment of the right IoT solution for their specific use case.
25439	The Yogi Adityanath-led state government had earlier announced that it would be developing the “biggest” film city in the country and had last week given its approval to the proposal.
25440	The Young and the Restless Spoilers: Nick Proposes to Phyllis, Caught Up in Passion – Engagement Brings Summer Freak-Out?
25441	The younger Biden joined the board of Burisma in 2014, around the time his father, then vice president, was helping conduct the Obama administration's foreign policy with Ukraine.
25442	The younger Bush became the first sitting president to attend the Daytona 500 in 2004, also an election year.
25443	The younger grades will return to school later in the month except for 1st through 3rd grades, who will only return at the instruction of the Gedolim.
25444	The youngest, Gō is an online gamer, so he tends to speak in English occasionally.
25445	“The young kids are always right.”
25446	“The young matron’s sodden breasts pressed gratefully against my shoulder, as I forged relentlessly through a veritable Hellespont, bearing her wailing infants above the raging spume.”
25447	The young star has also appeared in The Vamps music video Middle of the Night and played Kattrin in a modern adaptation of Mother Courage at the Royal exchange Theatre in Manchester.
25448	The youngster came bounding over to the motor vehicle and climbed inside after his grandfather placed the booster seats in the third row of seating.
25449	The youth named Ananta Behera was allegedly sitting on the footpath after parking his vehicle.
25450	They outplayed segregation, to create something extraordinary and beautiful.
25451	They packaged these into parcels for distribution.
25452	They picked a home large enough to accommodate the family they hoped to have and one that would allow them to live a car-free life.
25453	They played four games over the two days but could only walk away with one win.
25454	They play sports in their free time, scream on roller coasters, shop in malls and eat pizza.
25455	They pointed out that even judicial officers in inferior courts such as magistrates do not have to have their judgments or orders “seen” by someone else before they are delivered.
25456	They pushed so hard the whole game, I could not ask for anymore.
25457	They put up with a lot, like a lot.
25458	They questioned the minister’s moviations, asking why he is not bothered by the fact that there are no female priests or Rabbis.
25459	They quickly forgot the words, but Brodie Lee came in screaming to interrupt them anyway.
25460	They’re a bit like a soft hushpuppy.
25461	“They reached out to us.
25462	“They really kind of are behind the ball with emergency notifications and whatnot,” Christensen said.
25463	“They really viewed me as the enemy,” said Brown, who acknowledged many questions were unanswered at Wednesday’s hearing, in part because some were more about Health Canada’s regulations than rezoning.
25464	“They’re also looking into some of our contracts to see if we can pass on anything we buy to another buyer or to another organization, whether that’s restrictive buyer contracts.
25465	They’re also monitoring all employees of the CoxHealth Heart Center for symptoms.
25466	They’re generous, in that way.
25467	They’re going to make it hard for you to believe you have the better team, even if you have the better team, because they’re going to stare you down and force you to view them as equals.
25468	They regularly perform tasks that people like me could not do.
25469	They’re highly portable too — making them perfect laptops for students or those on the go.
25470	They’re just under ten dollars, which is not much at all.
25471	They’re like the comfortable pair of shoes you’ve grown attached to, even though they’re worn around the edges.
25472	“They’re live on the radio.
25473	They’re looking for schedules that meet their needs because they have to work.”
25474	They remembered, all too well, how he treated Anita Hill.
25475	They reminisced about the past, but they also revealed a little about what viewers can expect when the soap returns to screens later this year.
25476	They're more common in men.
25477	They’re nasty especially if insolvency is the cause.
25478	They’re not tasking en-mass & dream that the curve is flat to remove the lockdown!
25479	``They’re playing their hearts out.’
25480	They replied by exiting the yard via what turned out to be a faulty fence corner.
25481	They reportedly removed over 6,000 new trees planted by the administration.
25482	They represent a rejection of the department’s once unquestioned political power in New York.
25483	They're probably in side story) pic.
25484	“They’re really concerned.
25485	They’re safe, they work.
25486	They’re super cute together.”
25487	They’re symbols of an era and a point in time,” Noftsinger says.
25488	They’re the latest in a stream of reports that have shown how uncertain the path is for the economy, as a continuing rise in coronavirus counts threatens to undo improvements that seemed to have taken root in the economy.
25489	“They’re the ones we should be looking out for.”
25490	They’re the pages of a book.
25491	They’re told because you have an artist at the center of it who has to tell the story, has to get something off their chest, that’s how this felt.
25492	They're trying to get online, setting up delivery - trying anything and everything to keep some money coming in, people like Stephanie Luster, who saw things going downhill quickly.
25493	They’re trying to make other players obtain fewer points by having them answer later, but guess what dumbass, get points when everyone guesses faster, too!
25494	They safeguard against illnesses and promote health.
25495	They said that since it came back negative, they would want to send it off and, for the next three-to-five days, that I should quarantine until I get the second negative test result to make sure,” Mayor Bray said.
25496	They said: "The jury has delivered a majority verdict on the charges brought against the former first minister.
25497	They said, 'We don't like that idea.'
25498	They say 15 trucks will also arrive on Monday, bringing everyday supplies.
25499	They say samples from Indore, where Covid-19 has killed 57 people, will be sent to the Pune-based National Institute of Virology (NIV) to confirm their apprehensions of the strain being deadlier than reported in other parts of the country.
25500	They say the emergency can be handled also in other ways.
25501	They say the health professional will coordinate the effort.
25502	They seemed to be the perfect match.
25503	"They seem to always defy genre, constantly reinvent themselves, and as they have evolved, have become more and more acoustic in many ways," Bairos says.
25504	They seem to indicate that the atmosphere of Mars is influenced by the daily pattern of heat from the sun as well as distrubances from below, in the form of Mars' huge volcanic mountains.
25505	They see our economy taking another battering this year, resulting in a 10,4% fall of economic growth in 2020.
25506	They sell essentials like eggs, milk, flour, fruit and vegetables as well as baking amazing doughnuts and sourdough bread.
25507	They sent a letter to President Trump requesting that the Federal Emergency Management Agency expedite its review of the damage and that the Trump Administration support Governor Abbottâ€™s request for.
25508	They shifted to talking about a new team arriving in WWE – the Forgotten Sons.
25509	They should be banned.
25510	They should get involved.
25511	They should help to inculcate professional ethics in our youth.
25512	"They should stand by the president," she says.
25513	They spent around an hour outside the property, arguing with cops who arrived at the request of a neighbor, before a larger police presence drove to the scene and they left.
25514	They spoke to doctors about precautions to be taken and all their queries were answered, he added.
25515	They spotlight deals on a specific product that are good for the whole day.
25516	“They started as specials of the day but people would get upset so they became daily items.”
25517	… They started to have some frustration.
25518	“They started yelling, ‘Circle ’em, circle ’em.’
25519	They still need to improve on pressing higher up the pitch and closing the gaps between defence and midfield which is causing them issues.
25520	They strongly encourage tithing payments.
25521	They subsist on joy, but they also experience sadness.
25522	They support terrorist proxies, and have created mess and mayhem in Muslim lands.
25523	They swung at everybody,” she said.
25524	“They take 30%, that’s a big chunk,” he said.
25525	They take the old folk songs that wowed audiences in 1950s and ’60s.
25526	They talk about covers when they mean customers, sourcing instead of shopping, and cocktail programs, which civilians would just call cocktails.
25527	They then used this model to simulate the closures of schools and workplaces that occurred in the city around mid-January 2020 initially due to Lunar New Year and what would happen if these closures were maintained for different lengths of time.
25528	“They think he can’t run,” Simon would say after the game.
25529	They thought I was going through a nightmare running all day long.
25530	They told police they needed to purchase specific vegetables for their baby.
25531	They told us Extinction Rebellion wa…
25532	'They told us that the Spanish are stopping people going into the country because of coronavirus and that our flight was turning around to go home.
25533	“They told us that you don’t win in the Champions League without Sergio Ramos, and this evening we did it,” said Zidane.
25534	They took that away from me,” Tuiskula said.
25535	They, too, will charge customers a nickel per paper bag.
25536	They topped charts with their hit “Jenny Says” shortly after, which kickstarted their career as a touring band.
25537	They usually give warnings – like rattlesnakes rattling – before they strike.
25538	They’ve agreed to pay a lot of money.
25539	They’ve also committed 4.4 turnovers per game.
25540	They’ve also retrieved video surveillance.
25541	They’ve got amazing players, but we’ll go into the game wanting to be the best that we can be and do everything we can to win the game.
25542	‘‘They’ve got a veteran group that knows how to play up and down the lineup,’’ coach said.
25543	They've got just 200 seconds in which to do so.
25544	They've gotten back about 2500 viewers by this point.
25545	They’ve suggested that Apple will likely make and release around 52-million sub-6 5G iPhones in September, then just 8-million mmWave 5G iPhones in December or January.
25546	“They’ve survived and they’ve built this rather beautiful thing now.
25547	They wanted to find a solution that would protect their eyes and improve their quality of life without sacrificing their style.
25548	They wanted to go visit family across the country and couldn’t say no to the low prices.
25549	“They wanted to have a vertical production.
25550	They want pain freedom from headaches and no associated symptoms," Pearlman said.
25551	They want things to be just, and they’re great in difficult situations, often having advice on how to best deal with them.
25552	They want to do it very badly.”
25553	They want to hear about, hey, how are they going to get a job?
25554	They want to make sure that we’re still around at the end of this, just the way we feel the same for them.
25555	They want to play an important role in the union, but the union seems to not be for changing,” he added.
25556	They want us to do everything collectively even business,” she laments.
25557	They were a good band…
25558	They were all scripted and are part of Donald Trump’s and the GOP’s scheme to literally rewrite recent history.
25559	They were always fully functional and they would never use their disability as an excuse.
25560	They were charged with failure to comply with lawful order.
25561	They were Democrats, Republicans and independents.
25562	They were going to make their former colonials there squirm, and maybe even grovel to re-enter the British Empire.
25563	They were good lads, interesting because they were exotic compared to the rest of us, but just ordinary kids, like us.
25564	They were humble, kind and lived life fully.
25565	They were led by President of NPAN, Prince Nduka Obaigbena; Publisher of Vanguard newspaper, Mr. Sam Amuka-Pemu; Publisher, The Guardian, Mrs. Maiden Alex-Ibru; and co-founder of Newswatch, Mr. Ray Ekpu.
25566	"They were not happy with President Keita, they were not happy that the M5-RFP movement which they are part of was not being respected -- demonstrations needed to take place for the president to realize the nation was in a crisis," he told DW.
25567	They were off limits.
25568	They were operating in broad daylight as a Credit union.
25569	“They were overgrown with weeds, but we really enjoy gardening.”
25570	They were photographed wandering the streets of a housing estate, stunning locals.
25571	They were pronounced dead at the scene and then taken to Southeastern Regional Medical Center.
25572	They were really popular.
25573	They were released on $1 000 bail each.
25574	They were screaming, they were there the whole time for us, so it was only right that we went and celebrated with them.
25575	“They were slow to identify this for anyone in the world, including the World Health Organization,” he told conservative radio host Larry O’Connor.
25576	“They were some of the nicest people I’ve met.”
25577	“They were throwing a lot of pucks from bad angles, kind of from everywhere,” said Markstrom.
25578	They were un-American insofar as they reeked of a common benefit (to save the outside world from being paved over) and of an activist (if paternalistic) central government of benign bureaucratic moms and dads.
25579	They will all be very successful young women, I have no doubt about it.
25580	They will also be inviting players to play at scheduled times to help alleviate the spread of the disease.
25581	They will assist the player in combat, look over houses if appointed as a Housecarl, and are sworn to carry the Dragonborn's burdens.
25582	They will be followed by ‘Dhruv’ formation, comprising four Advanced Light Helicopters (ALH) of the Army Aviation.
25583	They will be recruited largely from the pool of unskilled persons ordinarily resident in rural areas.
25584	They will continue to spread the disease and cause outbreaks because they choose to act like f'king children.
25585	They will follow their last three wins — at two at home — by visiting the Truro Bearcats on Wednesday, the South Shore Lumberjacks on Thursday and the Valley Wildcats on Saturday.
25586	They will get the financial help,” Minister Dilip Walse Patil said.
25587	They will help determine whether people move into “fight-or-flight” mode, favoring the individual over the collective, or instead “tend-and-befriend,” in a way that promotes empathy and insulates us from extremist views.
25588	They will not be allowed to enter the office if they are found without their masks.
25589	They will provide consultations on the ground.
25590	They will put pedal to metal in order to veer into oncoming traffic, overtake you and restore the universe’s rightful equilibrium (man first! woman second!).
25591	"They will say I am building it for Mr Mkapa, yes I am, because without him I would not have been a Member of Parliament, Minister, and possibly you would not have seen me in the presidency".
25592	They will still require the treatment they’re having now.
25593	They will task Link to explore the world and find 100 gold Skulltula's hidden around the world.
25594	They witnessed her being horribly abused by her partner, slipping in and out of depression, feeling overwhelmed and finding solace in alcohol.
25595	They won’t be as tasty as canned foods, but they can be effective.
25596	They won the grand prize at the Locarno Film Festival in 1977 for their movie about the Italian communist leader Antonio Gramsci.
25597	They ‘won’t let a crisis go to waste!’
25598	They would all say Trump was a racist.”
25599	They would be exposed to an extra game of injury potential, early exit or covid-19 spread.
25600	They would not be imbued with any actual powers, but would get official-looking jackets.
25601	Thibault grabbed a 2-up lead through seven holes, but Lucena rebounded to win the next two holes and square the match heading into the back nine.
25602	Thieves took six cars from an auto shop on Sunday.
25603	“Things haven’t straightened out as much as I had hoped,” Downtown Business Association President Phil Marsh said Thursday in discussing the ongoing effects of COVID-19 on large gatherings.
25604	Things started to go sour after she did an interview with Chris Harrison on The Bachelor: The Greatest Seasons — Ever and when Cassie was supposedly linked to a new man.
25605	Things start to get even more interesting when she meets Elliot Jennings, Jr., a handsome, charismatic companion who turns out to be her worst nightmare.
25606	“Things to seem to have gone relative smoothly and no problems, so we’re just pleased to be back," said Sutton.
25607	Things were picking up for the first time in a while.
25608	Things will dry up but remain chilly for a few days as another storm will bring more chance of rain by Tuesday.
25609	Things will eventually return to normal.
25610	Think about it: About to have a female leader.
25611	“Think about it, ’cause I think you could have a good slap shot,” Chara said.
25612	Think about when you give advice to a close friend in a time of crisis.
25613	Think again of that smiling family from 1964.
25614	Think cheese and bread for the younger kids or novices, and more advanced ingredients for the older/more experienced cooks.
25615	“Thinking about what we have and allocating it in the best way to maximise what we want.
25616	“Think of it as driving up to a drive-thru window and picking up your prescriptions,” he said.
25617	Think of only one item of clothing and you have a dressed child, presentable to the world.
25618	Think of this like World War II — our soldiers didn’t get to fly home to eat turkey.
25619	Think on what theme you’d like to out of?
25620	Think thematically, like crumbled feta, oregano and lemon juice like you’re Zorba the Greek.
25621	Thinly slice some butter on top of mixture.
25622	Third, and rather obviously, this type of risk hedging works only in a market economy of the sort operated in the United States and it works only to the extent it is designed to assess enterprises that are part of that market.
25623	Third bottom West Brom are still chasing a first win since returning to the top-flight last season.
25624	Third, dilute your drinks with water, ice, soda, lemonade or other mixers.
25625	Third Ion’s music is also being used for the game’s soundtrack.
25626	Thirdly, the mask mandate is waived in situations where law enforcement officers request mask removal in order to identify individuals.
25627	Third on the list is 2007 with 32 days, followed by 2016 with 30 days, 2019 with 29 days, and 2002 and 1979 tied at 28 days.
25628	Third place went to Tariq Al Mansouri with a 29.11kg fish.
25629	Third, Saint Paul College has the highest percentage of students among Minnesota’s two-year colleges who are Pell-eligible — a federal grant for students coming from the nation’s lowest-income families.
25630	Thirteen of those have been shut so far with the rest to close in the new year.
25631	Thirteen residents of China got accredited on the stock exchange this year.
25632	Thirty-four percent increased employee contributions, and 12 percent are considering this option.
25633	Thirty states only saw an increase of a penny or two, causing the national average to push more expensive by three cents to $2.13 since last Monday.
25634	Thirty-two children are currently on the official waitlist for a CLIP bed at one of five facilities, according to Sean Murphy, assistant secretary of the Department of Social and Health Services’ behavioral health administration.
25635	This 13 year old needs to be locked in a cage till he is 80.
25636	This 1964 flick directed by Mario Bava follows a series of murders that take place in a high-end fashion house.
25637	This, according to BMO, is because the President has since the outset of the administration in 2015 placed security high up on his agenda.
25638	This action is pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia.
25639	This act will not erase history, nor will it mean that Henry Hastings Sibley’s name and legacy will be forever buried.
25640	This after the lawyers had written to the premier saying his move to send Adv Phoofolo on terminal leave portrayed the attorney general in a negative light.
25641	This album ended the band’s year-long hiatus in Sept. 2018.
25642	This all changes Jan.
25643	This allowed the ability for the children to listen to a story being read, chat with their friends and stay connected to their school.
25644	This allowed them to predict how the numbers would change in the future if tanning beds were banned and the young people didn't use them.
25645	This allows them to enjoy superior net interest spreads and hence operating margins as compared to smaller players.
25646	This all suggests he’s not going to stray far from the Florida home he moved his family to this offseason.
25647	This also came after Delhi Lt. Governor directed the Police to maintain law and order and punish the culprits," the party said.
25648	"This also means this year, there were a lot of mosquitoes compared to previous years resulting in increased cases of malaria," said Mr Madakudya.
25649	“This also means we have to highlight the species that operate in a narrow window of time and could be sensitive to climatic changes, so conservation becomes an important concern.
25650	This also was their second straight win over Vanderbilt for the first time since 2014-15.
25651	This amounts to a little over Rs 1.05 lakh crore in the current fiscal for all the states, and is over and above the special window of Rs 1.1 lakh crore.
25652	This and the U.S. Navy configuration was used in the Pilot Breathing Assessment program at NASA’s Armstrong Flight Research Center in California.
25653	“This anguish over epidemics,” he writes, “is completely untethered from the reality of deaths from infectious diseases.”
25654	This announcement from the UK forms a major part of Zurich Group’s progress in ramping up its global business, the company said.
25655	This anomaly, which dates back to 1999 when Britain opted out of the euro’s launch, has seen a dominant share of trading in euro-denominated swaps take place in the capital.
25656	This app lets users customise the background of the UI, browse the web, get real-time updates and much more.
25657	This approach worked well before, so why fix what isn't broken?
25658	This app uses speech, face, and motion recognition technologies to detect the signs of stroke, based on the validated NIH stroke scale, and can report these findings to patients, loved ones, telestroke providers, healthcare providers, and EMS.
25659	This aromatic process fills the entire shop with the rich scent of caffeinated perfume.
25660	This article first appeared on Trend Investing on September 30, 2020.
25661	This article is the first in a series focusing on the impact of climate change on people in Nepal.
25662	This assistance from Ms Swift helps give us a real shot at coming back on the other side of this.”
25663	This assistance from Ms. Swift helps give us a real shot at coming back on the other side of this."
25664	This attracted a group of Muslim youth who stormed Owusu Bempah’s church and vandalised some properties.
25665	This battle was interrupted, however, when the appeared before the Dark Knight's eyes, warning Batman of the impending crisis.
25666	This because before Madam Koa was handed over work, her predecessor, Luc Messi Atangana led her to a courtesy presentation visit to the Minister.
25667	This becomes too much of a burden for Volthoom to bear and the Guardians imprison him.
25668	“This behaviour by some drivers/conductors of the minibuses who are refusing to transport nurses in uniform, to and from work, must be condemned.
25669	This bill was based on the Alberta model, Barbour said.
25670	This Black and White adult class entry is called Yesnaby Tree Wave and was taken by Raymond Besant.
25671	This black bear spent its Saturday morning cruising through yards and climbing a tree in Charleswood.
25672	This blog started with words from Eyes on the Prize, a beautiful spiritual that motivated the Movement.
25673	This “Blue Eye” condition will usually clear up (even without veterinary intervention).
25674	“This bond if voters approve would impact the average home owner in bend with a tax assessed value home of $220,000 – about $170 dollars per year,” Russell said.
25675	This book, by a senior ABC political correspondent who has reported on Trump for years, is an exhaustively researched, objectively reported and balanced account of what’s going on at the top and what the consequences are on the ground.
25676	This bright orange ring is known as an annulus, hence the name, annular solar eclipse.
25677	This brings the total COVID-related deaths in the Panhandle to 21.
25678	This brings the total number of confirmed cases to 65,857, probable cases to 212, confirmed deaths to 1,078 and 18 probable deaths.
25679	This brings us to the techniques available to change our stress response—including meditation.
25680	This brought the virus to the rest of the world.
25681	This can be highly distressing to many viewers."
25682	This can be proven by the recent military losses in personnel and equipment.
25683	This can have real consequences,” she said.
25684	This can have severe implications for inflation and external debt financing, particularly if there is i) heavy reliance on imports of key intermediate goods, ii) high level of foreign borrowing by the private sector, and iii) absence of capital controls.
25685	This can help increase the confidence, organization, and education of workers in struggle.
25686	This can mean cutting corners, including the use of additives like oak extract, acid and sugar, watering down the juice and more, according to Vincent Anter, founder and host of V is for Vino Wine Show.
25687	This can sometimes take a lot of time and effort to get into the ‘good’ zone.
25688	This chair adds a fifth position for your reclining needs, which will surely vary as you take on the long beach day.
25689	This change should be music to drivers' ears.
25690	This chapter currently has 34 members.
25691	“This code makes clear that kids are not like adults online, and their data needs greater protections.
25692	This Colorado-based company grows its hemp organically, which is a very good sign if you want something that is the highest quality possible.
25693	This, combined with the general state of the world, was writing on the wall for a while that Pokémon would make these cancellations.
25694	This comes after Klobuchar went head to head with several candidates at the Las Vegas debate ahead of the caucuses in the state Saturday.
25695	This comes after Mahima Chaudary's comments in a recent interview with a media outlet.
25696	This comes just a day after the dreaded criminal was shot dead during an encounter near Kanpur.
25697	This comes on the same day the Wisconsin Supreme Court heard a separate election case filed by the president against Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden.
25698	This comes two days after Ahmad left hospital following his admission for Coronavirus Disease.
25699	This coming weekend we enter August territory, and that puts us one more month closer to this year finally ending, and things getting better.
25700	This concert did not make room for social distancing in the arena, but masks were mandated.
25701	This constrains growth-oriented investments and increases the vulnerability of the non-financial sector in times of macroeconomic shocks.
25702	This content was delivered to McAlinden Research Partners clients on June 17.
25703	This content was published on Aug 21, 2020Switzerland is eye-wateringly pricey.
25704	This content was published on Oct 22, 2020The Basel-based company has partnered with Atea Pharmaceuticals to develop, manufacture and distribute the latter’s oral anti-Covid-19 treatment.
25705	This corresponds to 35.8% of the bank's risk-weighted exposures at end-2018.
25706	This cosmic net formed from tiny irregularities in the matter distribution in the early Universe, which were amplified through gravitational attraction.
25707	This could be a complicated one.
25708	This could be because many students who had planned to study abroad are considering applying to the Indian university.
25709	This could be done by making Election Day a holiday.
25710	This could be the most significant development for investors since the stock went public…
25711	This could happen if the first infection did not require antibodies or T cells to be resolved, perhaps because other rapidly deployed immune defences were enough to control it.
25712	This could spark off a few light rain showers or sprinkles.
25713	This country has people from a variety of belief systems and different cultures, from Muslim to Buddhism and from Mexico to Albania.
25714	“This country has seen what happens when a bully is not stopped, what happens when people do not speak out against injustices,” he said.
25715	This country seriously needs mental health care.
25716	“This couple that married with so much hope and so much to offer was somewhat failed by the institution and is now doing its own thing and doing it well and thriving.
25717	This Course Will Teach You How to Animate With Actual Pixar Animators, and It's So Cool!
25718	This cover image released by Mack Avenue shows “While Looking Up,” by Jimmy Greene.
25719	This creates an environment where the teacher is no longer the expert, but more of a guide in the learning process.
25720	This criticism ramped up in recent days after it was revealed that the White House is engaging in dedicated testing after several employees who work for government leaders tested positive for the novel coronavirus.
25721	This cultural connectedness makes me a keen optimist.
25722	This damage can have different effects depending on where it happens in the brain and can affect the body, mobility and speech, as well as how patients think and feel.
25723	This dangerous precedent legalizes settlements& a blow to int'l legitimacy/ UN Res's.
25724	This decision came after authorities charged Donald Marshall Jr., a Mi’kmaw man, for illegally catching and selling eel without a licence from the Department of Fisheries and Oceans.
25725	“This decision on this specific provisional application neither constitutes a precedent nor reopens established commitments made among EU institutions.
25726	This decisive move was ordered by U.S. President Donald Trump and is part of the resurgence he is leading (2 Kings 14:27).
25727	This decline is highlighted and exacerbated by the rise of China…,https://fabiusmaximus.
25728	This denial brings back memories from Obama AG Loretta Lynch and the secret tarmac meeting in 2016 with Bill Clinton in which they claimed to have talked about little other than each other’s grandkids.
25729	This dependency on imports dramatically compromises our ability to respond to pandemics, and other medical catastrophes.
25730	This despite the fact that eating well to the management of chronic disorders—and the fact that cooking with and for others can foster a sense of community, inclusion, and autonomy that many people with disabilities struggle to maintain.
25731	This disparity devalues the contributions of civil servants, who tirelessly and expertly meet the needs of not only our military, but also of our nation as it struggles through this historic crisis and attendant rocky economic conditions.”
25732	"This display clearly doesn't have the scratch resistance or structural benefits that customers are expecting from glass," Nelson says in the video.
25733	This district contains all, or portions of, 12 other counties.
25734	This division is also evident in the reactions to my March 25th article on the postponement of the convocation.
25735	This divisive and cynical approach, if established, portends great danger to the nation and is unacceptable.
25736	This Diwali, we wanted to make every Marathi reader happy.
25737	This doesn’t make me any less of a Zionist — it makes me more of one.
25738	This doesn’t mean God removes you from the struggle, but that God gives us His grace to deal with it.
25739	This donation undoubtedly will help save Kentuckians' lives."
25740	This draft is looking good so far.
25741	This drink is more inspired-by than literal copy: hot chocolate, made with semi-skimmed milk and biscuit-flavour syrup, topped with whipped cream, chocolate bits and a marshmallow.
25742	This edition features 10 films that are "kid-friendly, life-affirming, funny, inspirational, purposeful and memorable."
25743	This ends in a priest reading the last rites before dissenters are put to death by firing squad.
25744	This environment is the foundation to the first part of a bigger project.
25745	This episode shows us the struggles Elena has dealt with and the sacrifices she has made for a life she thought she wanted.
25746	This EP's only flaw is its length - a listener gets off it wanting more.
25747	This event is free and open to students at The University of Akron.
25748	This event is making it easier for our community to continue these important health discussions.
25749	This event will be held from October 2021 over a period of six months.
25750	This exhausted feeling had been nagging me for weeks, but as the five-day trip went on, I could barely get through a conversation without forgetting what my family and I were talking about.
25751	This expense was previously covered by British taxpayers.
25752	This exquisite episode is comparable to the Avatar: The Last Airbender However, unlike the Fire Lord, Korra undergoes a period of healing under the guidance of the ancient Katara which unfortunately doesn't seem to be working well.
25753	This fact makes Dr. Spataro a very good teacher, but his compassion, patience, pragmatism and knowledge make him a great one.
25754	This faithful recreation of the 1989 Batmobile has a whopping 3,300 pieces weighing over 3kg (yes, over three kilos of bricks!).
25755	This fake news tsunami is undermining traditional media outlets in India, which, unlike Silicon Valley platforms, continue to risk prosecution for publishing speeches that violate Indian law.
25756	This fall semester will be particularly painful for freshmen, who are new to the higher education system, the curriculum and the environment and may also be coming to universities where they don’t have any preexisting connections.
25757	THIS favourite may be the natural wonder most associated with the Isle of Wight, but there is lots more to do here than simply admire the rocky coastline.
25758	This feature is available on YouTube’s Android and iOS based apps.
25759	This film feels thinner and more schematic than Dardenne masterpieces like “Rosetta,” “Two Days, One Night,” as if the story had been molded from a set of arguments and assumptions rather than chiseled from the hard stone of reality.
25760	This first wave of grant funding includes releasing $11 million for grants to local education agencies (LEA) to support reopening efforts from the Coronavirus Relief Fund Grants.
25761	This FIR was later stayed by the high court.
25762	This followed a joint investigation by the serious commercial crime unit and the revenue service Sars, said Mulaudzi.
25763	This follows an application made by the accused for the court to vary the previous conditions as they could not meet it.
25764	This Fulham-based clinic is founded and run by clinical aesthetician Pamela Marshall, who is a fountain of knowledge on all things skin.
25765	This funding will allow us to help more frontline staff.
25766	This funding will be provided through Aboriginal financial institutions and administered by the National Aboriginal Capital Corporations Association.
25767	This furniture store has a spend and save deal available, where spending over £500 will save you £100, over £750 will save you £150, and over £1,000 will save you £250.
25768	This gender-swapped character becomes infused with the Eternal homeworld (this transformation grants Ajak the ability to directly communicate with the Celestials), City of the Space Gods in order to prepare for a future visit from The Celestials.
25769	This gives a clear picture of assets and liabilities.
25770	This gives her selfish dad the freedom to date young girls and be a terrible influence at home for Lisa.
25771	This gives mom a few more moments of quiet before you all enjoy some time as a family.
25772	This gives the patient time to fight off the infection and recover."
25773	This good news was announced by Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the director-general of the World Health organisation on Tuesday, August 25.
25774	This got into Edge’s head and he started to doubt himself until his best friend, Christian, gave him a proverbial wake up call on the “Peep Show”, and Edge walked away ready to meet the challenge.
25775	This grade really gets a boost because Penn State managed to score touchdowns on four of the middle seven drives of the game, including the first it had in the second half.
25776	"This grant from WCI was critical to maintaining standard operations as we navigate the coming months and year," Sellin said.
25777	This guest opted for a curious combination of garments, wearing a baby pink coat, feathered strappy heels, a silver headband and carrying a black handbag.
25778	This guidance helps facilities keep their COVID-19 guard up while taking cautious steps toward ensuring residents have more social connections and interaction.”
25779	This guide will provide a strategy for defeating her, or bringing her into submission.
25780	This guy overdosed on his company’s KoolAid, what planet are you on, Bizzaro World?
25781	This had been the farthest I’d driven since quarantining (40 minutes), and the longest I’d spent doing a non-essential activity outside of my home.
25782	“This had nothing to do with race,” he said.
25783	This hair dryer is embedded with ceramic and tourmaline technology.
25784	This has become increasingly common during the pandemic and it can be problematic.
25785	This has become more of a worry in recent weeks due to the number of employees working from home to help stop the spread of Covid-19.
25786	This has become most evident in December with their Just Chatting category taking the top spot on their charts for the first time ever and being a huge year-over-year driver of traffic.
25787	This has been adopted in certain circles as a “realistic” solution to the impasse between Ottawa and Beijing — regrettable but necessary in a world where “rule of law” is just a slogan to be discarded when inconvenient.
25788	“This has been an interesting time to pivot.
25789	This has been a very interesting experience using technology to continue school from home.
25790	This has been happening to my family.
25791	This has been the largest economic contraction since the historical series began in 1970.
25792	"This has caused healthcare payers and providers to seek out top technology expertise, often turning to outsourcing as a viable solution.
25793	This has caused hospitals like St. Anthony and Roseland to lose staff and face budget disasters, even though they have few beds to spare.
25794	This has forced officers, deputies and troopers to work overtime shifts June 22 through July 19 to put the brakes on speed-related deaths and educate motorists, according to state public safety officials.
25795	This has included the launch of its flagship OPPO Find X Series and the introduction of the OPPO Reno Series.
25796	This has not been the case for all countries in the top echelons — Norway, Hungary, and Belgium, for example, recorded lower average speeds in 2019 than in 2018.
25797	"This has proven more difficult than anticipated due to the effects of the pandemic and also the fact that several executives have resigned from their positions," he said.
25798	This has seen us get so snappy with each other that we have been pushed to the brink – often, but not only, by condiments.
25799	This has sent imaginations soaring as fans just can't wait to find out what exactly that means.
25800	This has to be due to the talent and insight of Angela Bassett.
25801	This helps in reducing fine lines, giving your skin a plumper appearance.
25802	This helps with weight management, calcium absorption, and improves the immune system, which helps you feel fuller.
25803	This historic measure will make Tennessee the 16th state in the nation to enact constitutional carry.
25804	This holiday season won’t be so jolly for thousands of Nevadans poised to run out of federal and state jobless benefits the day after Christmas.
25805	This Huawei decision is also just one example of a split between how tech is regulated in the United States and in Britain.
25806	This idea is by no means a flawless solution.
25807	This image released by Hulu shows Elle Lorranie in a scene from ‘Bad Hair.’ a comedy-horror about a woman trying to rise in the late-80s music business who gets a demonic weave.
25808	This impacted fixed cost absorption, raised overall maintenance costs, and lowered recovery rates.
25809	This implied bringing down all greenhouse gas emissions of the economy close to zero by then.
25810	“This incident had fractured every part of my existence,” she said.
25811	"This included potentially very sensitive and private information about their activities on third party websites," he said.
25812	This includes a former MLB front office member.
25813	This includes areas like diet, fitness, activities and social networks.
25814	This includes basic things like how many hours you've sunk into games, how many games you've played and what your three favourite games are.
25815	This includes cutting back on the number of passengers they carry.
25816	This includes managing a remote workforce as well as an expanding security and compliance mandate.
25817	This includes the quality of the restaurant, the calibre of its food, location and even whether it has live music.
25818	This includes whether it should send a second plane or can secure enough space on flights organized by the U.S. and other allies.
25819	This inconsistency led some residents to conclude that fraudulent ballots were cast.
25820	This individual and the family would be feeling cheated at the hands of the state because they never saw any direct benefit in their tax outgo.
25821	This ingredient – pure vitamin C – is inexpensive and easily obtained, but needs careful blending as it’s strong and can react negatively to other products.
25822	This internet evolution has fostered the growth of opinion leaders, who receive information from media and pass on the content, with their interpretation, to a reachable audience.
25823	This invention greatly reduced the time necessary to record product information both at checkout and in stock take, and also effectively eradicated the chance of human error innate in manual data entry.
25824	This is 2020, everything is now online.
25825	This is a big change from barely four years ago when Eastwood expressed his support for Trump over serial email murderer Hillary Clinton.
25826	This is a big match in the making, it would be a shame if they wasted it on a meaningless show like Survivor Series.
25827	This is about control and power, not safety.
25828	This is about strengthening and operationalising the Task Force,” he said.
25829	This is a breakdown of current ratings and recommmendations for Biomerica and its competitors, as provided by MarketBeat.
25830	This is absolutely untrue and impossible, the border is closed."
25831	“This is a business that made a billion dollars a quarter on average from 2011 to 2018 and it had a rough go,” said Peter McNally, global sector lead for industrials, materials and energy at Third Bridge, a research firm.
25832	This is a calamity, without caveat, for Derek Mackay, for the SNP, for the first minister and for the collective Scottish government.
25833	This is a cautionary tale about intervening as well.
25834	This is acceptable that an offline store is moving online.
25835	This is according to data compiled by a foremost Nigerian music chart platform, TurnTable Charts.
25836	This is a challenge we all need to face together and not in separate silos isolated from each other.
25837	This is a charity that has saved Gabriella’s life and many, many more.’
25838	“This is a clear demonstration of the Government’s support for our fire service and the work they do in protecting people, communities, property and local infrastructure from fire and other emergency situations,” he said.
25839	This is actually the question that Bing known as an algorithm change after, after which they rolled down three variations from it.
25840	"This is a freedom guaranteed under our constitution.
25841	This is a genre whose leading talent, Slowthai, was last week awarded ‘Hero of the year’ at the NME awards.
25842	“This is a good news story for Irvinestown, for Fermanagh and its tourism industry.”
25843	This is a good option for a video player if any of your video files are not AC3, EAC3 or Dolby codecs.
25844	This is a great way for people to be able to escape, enjoy nature and get some fresh air.”
25845	This is a highly trusted system that can give users better and more secure control over their identities.
25846	“This is a home-schooling program, but for parents who are working from home and have multiple children, it is a bit overwhelming,” she said.
25847	This is a horrible and very unfair situation.
25848	“This is a huge and logistically-complex operation, and we are working tirelessly with the Indian Government and state authorities to help more British travellers get home,” he said.
25849	This is akin to winning 21 awards for just one technology - and it’s still early in the count.
25850	"This is a little bit more close to home, closer proximity to the city," he said.
25851	‘This Is All Beyond Stupid.’
25852	This is all done to prevent scalping, of course, and to make sure that all true fans have access to the show at face value.
25853	This is all part of a plan.
25854	This is along university drive near the intersection of jordan lane.
25855	This is also to facilitate research work of teachers to enhance their service delivery and improve upon performances of the students, particularly in ICT.
25856	"This is a market - and global population for the matter - that's craving good news and this just feels like another big setback."
25857	This is a measure of how serious the situation is," Health Minister Vassilis Kikilias said.
25858	This is an evisceration of the system in Japan (not the Japanese society or people, which Ghosn eloquently pointed out).
25859	This is an extension of our education.
25860	This is an important time to step up if we can."
25861	“This is an incredibly concerning time for our entire community, and especially for our clinicians and staff.
25862	“This is an innovative way in which money that is already being spent by the Government can be redirected to support competition in Bermuda and reduce food prices.”
25863	This is a no-frills, budget service, where you can choose a two-person box or a four-person box.
25864	“This is an opportunity to see people and creations that change the world,” Smith said in a video of the finals.
25865	This is another initiative statute, so a petition is why it has made it onto the ballot this year.
25866	“This is another political stunt by the Iranian regime.
25867	This is another thing about Lorelai that confuses viewers as she and Luke become a serious couple and yet she doesn't know enough about him.
25868	This is a not-so-veiled potshot at the -owned platform, which made headlines after reports emerged that Bezos' phone was hacked, allegedly at the behest of Saudi crown prince Mohammed bin Salman.
25869	This is an unprecedented crisis for the Family which is far from over.
25870	This is a political question that the courts cannot overturn.
25871	“This is a poor community, the food parcels donated by Pick n Pay will help the families.
25872	This is a position shared by all of Harry’s other girls.
25873	“This is apparently Cummings and his Brexit friends’ rule,” he tweeted.
25874	This is a pretty big radio push for Apple, so we’ll see if it continues to build out its lineup of genre-specific radio stations in the future.
25875	This is a pretty big tell, as we’re about 80 days away from when ESPN was originally planning on airing.
25876	This is a season-defining moment in a game that was FULL of them.
25877	This is a serious and high number for the Long Beach Fire Department,” Garcia said.
25878	This is a simplified illustration.
25879	This is a street stray.
25880	This is a summary of current ratings and target prices for Chorus and Frontier Communications, as reported by MarketBeat.
25881	“This is a temporary fix as we go through COVID to try to help some of our existing businesses here in Dunwoody,” Hatchcock said.
25882	This is a very good price for a Mediterranean restaurant and it is very affordable.
25883	"This is a very tragic and concerning incident, not only for the police, but also for the community," Sidhu said.
25884	This is a way of telling someone in that situation that they’re doing a wonderful job – and sometimes we all need to hear that.”
25885	“This is a way to respect the 50-person limit for indoor gatherings and road test our measures from a health and safety perspective before we start bringing back full audiences,” she added.
25886	This is Balor’s second reign as NXT champion, one that comes years after he was the first to set the record for longest reign.
25887	This is because banks use your credit report to assess your creditworthiness, and these cards are personally guaranteed.
25888	This is because he employs the workers at his own expense, and he is the one who pays their salaries, which puts the worker at risk of being exploited or having his wages withheld.’
25889	This is because of gaps in their domestic legislation and regional trafficking strategies.
25890	This is because the infected would come into contact with more people, allowing the virus to spread.
25891	This is Caliban, played by Australian newcomer early Heath Ledger vibes—who has challenged Sabrina to a hellish treasure hunt for three Macguffins the show is calling “The Infernal Artifacts.”
25892	This is called royalty over here.
25893	This is critical to the DA.
25894	This is done through different methods like sulfite kraft and semi-chemical pulping methods.
25895	This is due to the ongoing novel coronavirus outbreak.'
25896	This is Eric Burnley with you WGMD fishing report.
25897	"This is excellent news and further proof of Ireland's place as a global hub for technology.
25898	This is expected to be the last phase of the programme and will coincide with jabs being offered to younger and healthier groups of people.
25899	This is far easier than pricking your finger hourly.
25900	“This is far from over, and this is going to be a pretty extended process,” said Jim Margolis, who advised California Sen. Kamala Harris’ now-defunct campaign.
25901	This is for the first time that the state has to handle the crisis of such magnitude.
25902	This is going to be a reality of the 2020 season — under the best of circumstances.
25903	This is good for the majority of the people who are busy with hectic shifting.
25904	This is his hometown."
25905	This is, in my estimation, the best bang for you buck in the lineup.
25906	This is interrupted, but it’s by King Corbin, and I think WWE’s just created another feud that I have no interest in. Corbin says that not everyone’s happy that Jeff Hardy’s back, and I resent being made to agree with Corbin.
25907	"This is just a fear campaign, again designed to deprive working families of their retirement income," he said.
25908	This is just insane: $1 million hospital bill has COVID survivor fearing financial ruinhttps://t.
25909	This is just one of the several AI startups that Apple bought to strengthen Siri.
25910	This is key Government support, being taken up by many businesses and football clubs, which will enable us to protect as many jobs as possible.”
25911	This is known as “early possession.”
25912	This is less work than my old standby rubber kitchen glove method, and it’s easy to use, easy to empty, and doesn’t generate waste with refills like sticky lint rollers.
25913	This is lightning speed.
25914	This is likely to be an underestimate because with a higher benefit level more people in work will be eligible for it.
25915	This is like me charging you for the work that another contractor did.
25916	This is meant to be a helpful feature and in most cases is very convenient.
25917	This is more of an oddball survivor that would be fun on weekends and at your local Cars and Caffeination.
25918	This is most likely due to the multitude of languages that thrive in the U.S. such as Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog, French, Vietnamese and Korean.
25919	'This is my favourite show and I feel let down by this!
25920	This is my first role with Netflix and I am very happy with how Joy has shaped up."
25921	"This is not a particularly sophisticated RAT but it is made by an actor that we believe to be operating on behalf of the Chinese government."
25922	This is not a sign of disrespect.
25923	This is not easy but these are the basic skill sets you will need in your CTO.
25924	“This is not expected to be a long-lasting event as temperatures begin to improve tomorrow,” the warning reads.
25925	This is not going to be a drawn out process.”
25926	This is nothing like what Mindy looked like when she was a teenager.’
25927	“This is nothing,” says one of the lead volunteers who has been offering his services since 1989.
25928	“This is not only about the EU's flawed decisions that we constantly talk about.
25929	This is not some intellectual debate about prosecutorial discretion, that was triggered by the infamous SNC Lavalin Group Inc. scandal.
25930	This is not the first time.
25931	This is not the first time Advent’s convertible strategy has been put to the test.
25932	This is not the first time there has been speculation over Israeli-Pakistani meetings.
25933	This is not to mean that there should be centralised management, which is not only infeasible, but counterproductive, as the attendant bureaucracy will impede quick action.
25934	This isn’t a battle royal so if she doesn’t get the spot, she has to lose at match somehow.
25935	This isn’t just about doctors, this isn’t just about nurses.
25936	This isn't Neofect's first gamification rehab device.
25937	“This isn’t really a persuasion campaign anymore.
25938	This isn’t the first time Ms Knox has made a statement mocking the current establishment.
25939	This isn't the first time technical problems affected Virginians' ability to register to vote under a looming deadline.
25940	This isn’t the right guy for the job then, find someone who is.
25941	This isn’t unique to your supply chain, but applies to any security control.
25942	This is old school politics that has no place anywhere.
25943	This is one example of how President Trump’s tariff policies are creating a disincentive to manufacture in America that are only hurting American businesses and their ability to compete.
25944	“This is one of the best retail locations in Worthington or even southwest Minnesota,” Cummings said.
25945	This is one of the classic roads to a Best Picture win, though it has become almost extinct since the expansion to more than 5 BP nominees.
25946	This is one of the harder parts of DMing, as you need to adjust to NPC reactions to compensate for the actions of the party.
25947	This is one of those photographic reveries that immerses you in a past at once tinglingly present-tense and poignantly conscious of posterity.
25948	This is one truly memorable collaboration that definitely warrants revisiting on Sony's upcoming console.
25949	This is only possible if work is done to empower institutions and people involved in influencing the way Sport is developing in India.”
25950	This is only to pay back money these people spent the expense.
25951	This is our last chance to stop it and preserve this beautiful place without gunfire.
25952	“This is our most IMPORTANT deadline EVER, but I noticed you haven’t stepped up to help us CRUSH it.”
25953	This is particularly true in the case of excessive force under the Fourth Amendment.
25954	This is probably the most clear cut category out there.
25955	This is really, really, really hard to swallow: Some of the children separated from their parents by the U.S. government have languished in custody for – far longer than previously known.
25956	“This is reflected in offers the industry is already making on campuses,” said Sangeeta Gupta, senior vice president of Nasscom.
25957	“This is serious … people are losing their lives,” he said.
25958	“This is small town America at its best,” said Ben Norman.
25959	This is smart given that, statistically speaking, nudity has often been a job left for young actresses.
25960	This is something he can do once his football career is over.
25961	“This is something he was planning for months.”
25962	This is something I never thought was possible.
25963	This is somewhat cheating, as these are technically two seperate albums released simultaneously by the frontman of the great folk rock act Big Thief.
25964	”This is so rude.
25965	This is still a very new virus, and we are learning all the time.
25966	"This is such a rare resource we get to enjoy."
25967	This issue has come home to Sonoma Valley, affecting local food distributor FEED Sonoma.
25968	This is the act of two people of the female gender to have intense erotic or romantic attraction for themselves and become intertwined in a love triangle whereby they please themselves sexually.
25969	This is the best thing Smackdown has to offer, and it’s smart to hook the show with it.
25970	“This is the biggest class that she’s ever jumped, so she was going super high in the first round,” he said of the 10-year-old Belgian Warmblood mare.
25971	“This is the biggest prize that Lotto Max players can win, but also the biggest prize of any lottery game offered by Loto-Québec and in Canada," said Loto-Quebec president Lynne Roiter in a news release.
25972	This is the definition of a pogrom.
25973	“This is the first presidential election I have been able to vote in, so it’s extremely meaningful and it’s happening at such a pivotal time in history,” MacDonald said.
25974	This is the first time Canada will conduct a technology demonstration in lunar orbit and on the Moon’s surface.
25975	“This is the first time I was knocked down like that.
25976	This is the first time that the company has launched a lite version of its smartphones, which will now be made available at a cheaper price.
25977	This is the first time that the Gotham Awards’ actor and actress tributes have gone to two performers from the same movie.
25978	This is the “Golden Hour” scheme.
25979	This is the horde of people awaiting health inspections after international flights into in Chicago.
25980	“This is their home, we’re the intruders,” Mendoza says.
25981	This is their town, they don’t necessarily want to follow their father’s teams, and that’s what we really did.
25982	"This is the least anyone committed to his country, people, and the principle giving imparted by the late Founding Father of the UAE, Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, can do," Yusuf said.
25983	This is the main reason why the P&G Peak Performance personality test requires a lot of preparation even though it is only the first assessment that you have to take from P&G and so early in the hiring process as well.
25984	This is the most critical hire we’ve made in years.
25985	This is the one where James Bond windsurfs on a massive tsunami created by a massive laser in space.
25986	This is the only way to preserve this nation since the two parties are splitting apart anyway and struggle to attract support from people who do not see their views represented.
25987	“This is the president who has used everything as a dog whistle to try to generate racism, hatred, and division,” Biden said.
25988	This is the primary reason to buy this action cam as it lets you capture the smoothest of footages even on the roughest trail runs and mountain bike rides.
25989	This is the reason Am also saying” Bally Ni lazo”
25990	This is the same outfit that was known as the Frankfurt School in Germany.
25991	This is the second consecutive year the center has been recognized, according to St. Francis Hospital.
25992	This is the second time President Magufuli is cancelling Heroes Day, directing the funds to development projects.
25993	This is the second year in a row that the event will take place inside a ballpark after last year’s event was held at Chase Field.
25994	This is the third time this house has been listed for sale.
25995	THIS is the Twitter content I’m here for.
25996	This is the whole country.
25997	This is the worst form of miscalculation.
25998	“This is the year the Browns are finally gonna be good again!” has been a thing for multiple offseasons now.
25999	This is uncertainty on a really intense scale.”
26000	This is unsurprising because the government and the police claim that tens of thousands of Filipinos died fighting back in legitimate police operations.
26001	This is untrue.”
26002	This is version for the Google Home app, and version for your smart assistant (Home or Mini).
26003	“This is very important news,” civil protection authority chief Angelo Borrelli told reporters of the drop over the past 24 hours.
26004	This is violence porn.
26005	This is what happens when you empower fascist ideology,” Qureshi tweeted.
26006	This is what separates the true greats.
26007	“This is what they proposed for Treasure Island.
26008	This is where a good and reliable finance officer or can come into play.
26009	This is where liquid nutrients are delivered into your bloodstream through a catheter inserted into a large vein.
26010	This is where the long-distance record is best broken.
26011	This is where tiny come in. Small and discreet, yet still bold and statement-making, itty-bitty heart tattoos are the perfect solution for anyone looking to get ink without the big commitment.
26012	“This is why I never officially came out as queer,” she said.
26013	This is why it is so crucial to work together.
26014	This is why it’s silly to crown a team as the one to beat in Week 7. The Buccaneers stomped the Packers – then barely snuck by the Giants and were dismantled by the Saints.
26015	This is why Labour support collapsed in 2018.
26016	“This is why patients with diabetes are at risk for many infections not just coronavirus,” Adalja said.
26017	This is why some us knew that the upnd electoral petition was never going to succeed with him and that mad woman leading the team of lawyers.
26018	This is why we are proud to launch this public-private partnership with Comcast and the City of Sacramento which will connect our kids to internet access and the opportunities they deserve.
26019	“This is why we believe the governors must be cautious in putting in place partial restrictions.
26020	“This is why we need a bold approach on behalf of the IMF Board of Governors,” Arauz said.
26021	This is widespread community spread, resulting in pain, suffering and death.”
26022	This is yet another display of how poorly the “I alone can fix it” president accepts the limits of presidential power.
26023	This is yet another record that beat one set only the day before.
26024	This Ka‘ōiki seismic swarm is yet another reminder for Hawaii residents to be prepared for earthquakes.
26025	This keeps you warm when you're cold and removes excess heat when your body starts to warm.
26026	“This key stakeholders Includes members of the health sector and civil societies organizations, community and religious leaders and the media for the past three years to ensure that attention was given to the Act.
26027	This largesse erects buildings, founds institutions, and shores up cultural infrastructure, but usually in exchange for the donor’s name being immortalized upon a facade.
26028	This latest sports-gaming bill, potentially worth hundreds of millions of dollars annually to tribal casinos, has been in the works since last year’s legislative session.
26029	This leaves the party with no official position regarding The CRC2020.
26030	This led stone Stelter saying Trump “is right” about Iran’s oppressive policy toward the press.
26031	This led to him asking “what specifically has President Trump done to address them?”
26032	This led to some extended family members also getting infected with the virus.
26033	This legislation is the only way to address the deferred maintenance backlog in our 419 national parks, and the Trump Administration agrees.
26034	This lesson is repeated in a 2016 published by Black Lives Matter that gives unequivocal support for the Palestinian liberation movement and condemned the U.S. government for its support for the Israeli settler colony.
26035	This letter carried “influence” in speeding up the state’s review of the ES&S poll book.
26036	This list is designed for anybody interested in extending their aural attention span and genuinely challenging their preconceptions.
26037	This living in the present moment helps your children not only learn about you and the way you function in the world, but also about themselves.
26038	This location also serves as an impressive wedding venue!
26039	This looks like a great time for Detroit to end the league’s longest current home losing streak, which stands at seven.
26040	This lovely hashtag is trending this Sunday evening.
26041	This machine has numerous outstanding attributes that include 80 built-in layouts besides having a USB drive to integrate your own layouts.
26042	This makes a ton of sense.
26043	This makes sense as there’s no Apple Android app for Arcade, News and iCloud, for instance.
26044	This makes seven total cases in the county.
26045	“This mandates us… to see how best we can collaborate to drive down the cost, so that our locals can begin to travel but we are saying that’s the first phase of recovery, domestic tourism.
26046	This man is running a roadside sofa stand.
26047	This map has been explicitly designed to illustrate ray tracing inside the game.
26048	This March, when the lockdown was announced and schools closed, educators and parents were instantly worried about their children’s academic learning.
26049	This marks the largest sweep against the Chinese technology companies.
26050	This masterful time manipulation by Tarantino got me really excited.
26051	This matter had not been discussed so far, said Joniston, who retained the Kiulu seat.
26052	This may be attributed to a number of factors, among which is the poor management of the country’s diversity.
26053	This may require the agency to seek the cooperation of religious leaders, community leaders and the media.
26054	"This may seem small compared to the billions of unclaimed assets, but it is always nice to see a direct impact"
26055	This may turn into yet another Ukraine aid scandal, in which Trump commits impeachable offenses and simply gets away with it because Republicans refuse to confront his treachery, let alone do anything about it.
26056	This means a month of presentations, exhibitions, and other events through the program’s many partners.
26057	“This means avoiding crowded trails, parking lots and campgrounds.
26058	This means electricians working on the systems using those outdated calculations may not be properly protected from a potential arc flash, which could lead to serious injury, death or damage to property.
26059	This means eliminating sources of anxiety, such as by ensuring financial, housing, and food security.
26060	This means it might be unable to find enough like-minded left-leaning allies to form a workable government.
26061	This means Leifer’s extradition itself will be decided on September 21 by the Jerusalem District Court, after 70 court hearings over six years that dealt with the question of her mental fitness.
26062	This means since the beginning of August 2020, 195 people have benefitted from this Catalytic Project.
26063	This means that despite the show saying fans watching the show can vote who they want in the K-pop group, the companies behind the shows already know who they want and would “rig” or “fix” votes to make sure they get who they want.
26064	This means that doctors and scientists all over the world can use this knowledge to save thousands of more children all over the globe.
26065	This means that it is commendable for him to make love to her with strength, resolve and make fine love to her”.
26066	This means that they can only receive light from one direction, giving the brittlestars more detailed information about the contrast of their surroundings.
26067	This means the government was able to avoid even a single civilian casualty during the law enforcement action.
26068	This means the pressure falls on to the Morrison government to step up with a monster of a support package of its own.
26069	This meant that he formed close ties with lawmakers from across the political spectrum.
26070	This mechanism would certainly avoid disruption in the business operations as the promoters are already well aware of the business nuances as compared to the resolution professionals, who generally do not possess the business acumen.
26071	This might make it more durable, it might mean it doesn't feel as premium, but it does have a matte finish, so it's less likely to gather fingerprints.
26072	This month, Carmel issued a statement saying it will voluntarily set rents at 150% of area median income inside 180 of the project’s remaining 900 apartments.
26073	This month we have more evidence that the Constitution is dead.
26074	This morning she woke up, gave directions to the domestic help to cook for the day… and then all of a sudden, she started having breathing problems.
26075	"This morning, the nation wakes up yet again with grief and outrage that yet another Black American is a victim of excessive force," he said.
26076	This move eventually destabilized the party and we formed the G8 group under it.
26077	'This multi-agency approach is something that is reinforced in all training.
26078	This music brings two cultures together.
26079	“This nationalist agenda risks further damage to the UK aviation industry and the thousands of jobs dependent upon it here in Scotland,” Mr Rumbles said.
26080	This naturally got people pressuring her with questions related to the "Gangsta" singer.
26081	This Naveen Kasturia-led series is quite popular with the actorâ€™s fans.
26082	This new facility will be responsible for Cybertruck production and Model Y production for the east coast.
26083	“This new policy runs directly counter to the university’s claims that it wants to be better with diversity and inclusion,” said English professor Ryan Cordell.
26084	This new reliance makes us better people and the quality of our lives increases exponentially.
26085	This news accompanied a poster on the official movies social media.
26086	This news release contains “forward-looking information” including statements with respect to the future exploration performance of the Company.
26087	This non-security update fixes a number of small issues and adds several minor features.
26088	This normalization of censorship has been a long-term goal of the tech oligarchs and the Church of Covid now legitimizes it.
26089	This Notable Alumni Spotlight focuses on Cuesta College graduate Cynthia J. Halley, a background design artist working in Los Angeles’ animation industry.
26090	This notice may be cited as the Criminal Law Codification and Reform (Standard Scale of Fines) Notice, 2020.
26091	This not only made me self-sufficient, but gave a new life by increasing my confidence,” she said.
26092	This novel coronavirus threatens to overwhelm our health service and those of many other rich countries.
26093	This November should make it 14 in a row.
26094	This obviously worked out pretty well for them, since fans can still catch reruns of the series on television today.
26095	This occurs in every field it is applied to: medicine, philosophy, economics, physics, mathematics, whatever.
26096	This October 1998 Paris set was released as a bootleg called "The Black Sessions" in 2003, and it's a great look at the band's earlier days.
26097	This offer available at our NW location.
26098	This ominous phrase is concerning indeed.
26099	This one didn't quite make the theaters, but it is considered one of the worst, nonetheless.
26100	“This one kind of stings but he’s fantastic.
26101	This ordinance would prevent smoking, chewing tobacco or vaping within the vicinity of children’s activities.
26102	This “outside-in” approach has the states take friendly steps toward Israel, then Israel reciprocate with friendly steps toward the Palestinians.
26103	This pairing was followed by a set of rope cable curls and free-weight curls.
26104	“This (pandemic) came all of a sudden.
26105	This parade, geared toward the children in the then-quiet Italian and Irish district, included a papier-mache dinosaur and a pie-eating contest.
26106	“This particular award reflects our continuous efforts towards promoting financial inclusion through technological innovation.
26107	This particular fight solidified Law’s position as one of the toughest Supernovas.
26108	This particular sequence seems to condemn the revenge narrative that is typically depicted in many abuse stories, because even when Arabella gets to lash out on her attacker, he still ends up just being hidden emotional baggage.
26109	"This partnership could not have come at a better time.
26110	This past week, activists in Tel Aviv set up a symbolic grave for Halak on Rothschild Boulevard.
26111	This past week, I’ve had multiple stressful dreams involving my friend Debbie, who lives in Atlanta.
26112	“This patch should be a beautiful shrub and flower garden with attractive benches,” but is used by “TTC vehicles and other vehicles, illegally parked with impunity on top of a trodden, empty space.” she said.
26113	This patronage aims at revamping refereeing in South Africa.
26114	This personalized app gets smarter as you follow, save, or prepare various dishes.
26115	This person is an idiot…they should never again be able to own a weapon…this was completely avoidable…first as was previously stated you empty your weapon…second you empty your weapon…yes that is correct.
26116	This photo from Sunday May 31, 2020, shows demonstrators raising their hands during a rally in Brooklyn, N.Y., for George Floyd, a black man who died in Minneapolis after being restrained by police officers.
26117	This picture of Lynch Shipyard was provided to Stanton by Saint John historian Harold Wright.
26118	This pilot fish’s company provides the software to run a backup generator, and it’s great stuff for the times.
26119	This pipeline was completed and operated despite environmental law and industry practice.
26120	This plan is based on six main interrelated components: financial, economic, banking, fiscal, social and development protection.
26121	This plan is for those who want more daily data.
26122	“This platform now enables Airmen to learn from subject matter experts from across the world.
26123	This points to the sixth major factor: de-globalization.
26124	This poll did not appear to ask specific questions on the policy, and seems to have just been an effort to find political leanings.
26125	This poor season means that his rating drops by one, but he's still tied for the title of third best player in the game.
26126	“This portfolio, with AE rooted in denim and Aerie rooted in intimates and Offline rooted in leggings, we have a sizable opportunity to gain market share,” Foyle told WWD.
26127	This preference was made explicit in a now-famous article published in the April issue of The American Interest titled “The Virtues of a Confrontational China Strategy.”
26128	"This president wants to be less constrained than any previous one," Mr Adams said.
26129	This press release is not, and should not be construed as, an offer to sell or acquire any securities in any jurisdiction.
26130	“This program is a great way to recognize young people who have pledged to be safe drivers,” said Department of Public Safety Cabinet Secretary Craig Price.
26131	This project is aligned with the goals of Atma Nirbhar Bharat Abhiyan and supports the national commitment in achieving climate change targets”.
26132	“This project, it was entitled exploring colonialism, creativity and reconciliation with skateboards,” he told CTV News Edmonton.
26133	This project will involve nearly 400 people.
26134	This prompted Wylecial to reveal his research, he said.
26135	This put Kent fourth from bottom place with Durham taking the lead with just under 7%.
26136	This puts them at a higher risk to experience slip and fall injury.
26137	This rain is forecast to persist overnight with a risk of some localised flooding.
26138	This rap-emo crossover would spread and become commonplace over the next year, with artists like XXXTentacion, Juice WRLD and Lil Peep all going mainstream.
26139	This rate, which has rocketed from about 70% from September 17 to September 30, is still very high and is way above the national average of 279%.
26140	This recipe has been a godsend for me and bonus points: No one in my family likes it.
26141	This refers to supporters of Alberto Fujimori, the right-wing Peruvian president from 1990 to 2000.
26142	This region was crucial during Roman times, suffered terribly in the Balkan Wars of the early 20th century, saw much bloodshed during World War I, and hadtits fair share of recent troubles.
26143	This relatively lavish, avant-garde exercise could never have been made in a market economy — it also sufficed to establish Tarr’s European reputation and his distinctive brand of visionary miserableness.
26144	This remote learning schedule only applies to the high school – all other buildings are operating as normal.
26145	This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.99%.
26146	This represents a $4.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 5.53%.
26147	This represents a $9.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.54%.
26148	This requires the company to add about 30bps to the current operating margin of 18.5% each year.
26149	This resulted in Eminem countering with "Killshot."
26150	This reunion demonstrated there's a lot more life in the department that viewers came to know and love.
26151	"This review is in response to today's economic realities," Zenith said in a notice, advising clients to request prepaid dollar cards.
26152	"This rise in connectivity and changing consumption patterns will challenge service providers' ability to service their customers in an optimal manner.
26153	This romantic rivalry was more than a little awkward.
26154	This sale ends on Sunday, which gives you some time to browse.
26155	This scene reminded me of rapper Joyner Lucas’ song and music video “I’m Not a Racist,” showing both sides of racism.
26156	This scholarship is for young Americans who show a need for financial assistance and who the Daniel’s Fund believes will use their education to make the world a more positive place.
26157	This season, go green.
26158	This season is really so much about motherhood, and Robin’s main challenge is to figure out how she’s going to be a mother to Mary, who is essentially a stranger.
26159	This secret has to be something Evan knows and can blab to Zoey.
26160	This seemingly inconspicuous hill with pipes and cement seems holds a Cold War-era bomb shelter.
26161	This sequence made it into the final cut of the film and it's actually surprising seeing just how close to the final version this was as our heroes explored the caves under Pasaana.
26162	This series pulled at one’s heartstrings like no other true crime docucrime series has before.
26163	This service, along with the pickup service, are additions to services like online research consultations and online workshops that the library has been offering for several months.
26164	This shapes as another grand opportunity for an overdue win.
26165	This she said out of concern with some showing a lacklustre attitude in the sessions.
26166	This shocking line is backed by gospel like harmonies and seems utterly free of the fear or hesitancy one might expect in this kind of song.
26167	This should be done by opening the offices on March 30 and 31, the salary should be sent to the accounts of the employees,” a statement issued by the state government.
26168	“This should be to and from all destinations as we should err on the side of caution, and not on the side of profit.”
26169	This shows the 60-foot-wide, mostly residential 17th Street North in Moorhead, which is being studied for improvements.
26170	“This situation is evolving, and we are doing our best to balance the needs and safety of our employees, our customers and vendors, and the public,” both letters said.
26171	This situation seems to be a little different There’s nothing false or fake.
26172	This solves the mystery of cognitive empathy as it is called so beware that your wife is not a witch who flies on a magic broom nor is she spying on you, rather she is a more developed social being.
26173	This somewhat Hollywood-generic take on Hyrule might not be too bad, however, especially if someone like Kiernan Shipka were assigned the task of playing Zelda.
26174	This species is on the federal Endangered Species List.
26175	This specificity accounts for the numerous permutations of events, even as the game hours extend well past the double digits.
26176	This stark boundary between the two crows suggests that individuals of both color forms carefully choose life partners that look just like themselves.
26177	“This state of emergency will ensure localities and communities have the assistance they need to protect the safety of Virginians, particularly as we continue to deal with the COVID-19 crisis.
26178	This step allows customers who need glasses to obtain them without having to visit an optician for a new eye exam.
26179	This step not only reduces the chance of developing OCD, but of virtually every other developmental joint condition, including hip dysplasia.
26180	This story has been shared 676 times.
26181	This story has been updated with reaction and further details.
26182	This story is pretty corny.
26183	This story is republished courtesy of Inside Science.
26184	This story is republished here under a Creative Commons license.
26185	This story is unfolding as Trump is reportedly contemplating ending his daily White House briefings because of the hostile treatment he receives from the press.
26186	This storyline also came with a hilarious twist ending, revealing that Brooks cast Larry to intentionally sabotage the show.
26187	This strategy is the one that has been employed by most countries and most states in the US.
26188	This summer is a great time to fall into fictional worlds within other fictional worlds, embodiments of the novel’s ability to tantalize and liberate our imaginations.
26189	This sure the fark isn't what I'd call "working".
26190	This survey aimed to ensure that no group of students felt unheard or forgotten by their student leaders, according to Vera.
26191	This sword evidently tore the original island that became Krakoa and Arrako in two, and it might be - just might be - the same Twilight Sword that Marvel fans have seen before.
26192	This system oppresses us.
26193	This table compares Barings BDC and Silvercrest Asset Management Group’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.
26194	This tabloid has a shaky track record with Kardashians.
26195	This takes place five years after Return of the Jedi, so they’d look somewhat similar to how they do in that movie, with Luke being around 30.
26196	This team is looking like a true threat to Baylor and Kansas in the Big 12.
26197	This team is new and is starting to learn very quickly and that’s the sign of a successful team.
26198	This team will work primarily out of the firm’s Las Vegas and Carson City offices, as well as in the firm’s new Cheyenne, Wyoming, office.
26199	This tendency for an underdog team to catch fire at the right time adds an unpredictable dimension to the MLB, which the rest of the American professional sports landscape lacks.
26200	This term is also used to describe Soji by a Zhat Vash agent Picard interrogates.
26201	This theme also manifests in but in a slightly different way.
26202	This thirsty hummingbird stopped for a drink, in Montevideo, in front of Marcia Jones.
26203	This time, he's on a mission to help families who are experiencing food insecurity, especially amid the coronavirus pandemic.
26204	This time, however, he added a new wrinkle to the tale where Strange decided to usurp Batman’s identity and become a new Dark Knight while the original was out of commission.
26205	This time in a matter of seconds.
26206	"This time of year especially, people are expressing concern because there are some (allergy) symptoms which resemble those that we see with COVID patients," Vadas said.
26207	This time of year is all about New Years Resolutions to build a better YOU!
26208	This time out, however, creator and showrunner Mike Flanagan won't be adapting a Shirley Jackson novel, but a handful of stories by Henry James.
26209	This time, people across the state will no doubt miss the essence of the festival which is gradually going out in cities in the last few years.
26210	This time, that they even cuddle and Momo and also took him.
26211	This time, the senior point guard made an underhanded flip to Jenkins, who spotted up a pace or two behind the arc and swished it with Carolina’s Isaiah Hicks running at him.
26212	This time, the word "Batman" is actually drawn massively into the superhero's outstretched cape.
26213	This time they seem to have cowed the local council into submission, though whether the college will suffer a backlash from its donors if it agrees is yet to be seen.
26214	This time too, much of the coverage has followed the same pattern - but the result has touched a nerve in a country deeply anxious about its future.
26215	This time, we are highlighting products on the basis of their price, effectiveness, durability and users’ reviews.
26216	This time, we must ask much sooner, and define much better: who wins, and who pays?
26217	This time we're gonna have it right — we're gonna have occasions like this where I'm with my crowd."
26218	This title improves upon its predecessors by allowing players to take control of teammates should their main Pokémon fall in battle.
26219	This tool is still not activated at full capacity in the real estate segment but is slowly gaining momentum and will be popular in times to come, due to its faster reach and conversion.
26220	This top-down approach enables Khamenei to control the material used in IRGC classrooms.
26221	This track comes at the perfect time, with the Ghanaian elections having just concluded, peacefully – King Promise and Shatta link up for this banger, which will be sure to uplift spirits across the whole nation.
26222	This track from the 2019 film War was enjoyed by the fans this year as well.
26223	This tree was about twelve feet tall and three inches on the stump when I first moved to the farm, definitely not a redwood with those leaves and aroma.
26224	This trial followed rules laid down by King James himself, whose book decreed that children should be allowed to testify in trials and that witchcraft was a crime against the King as well as God.
26225	This truly is a world of nightmare as Spidey falls back in disbelief that his lover just murdered his past love, and that he almost killed her in the process.
26226	This tweet generated 133 retweets and 520 likes.
26227	This underlines the deniability — whether or not fatalities occur.
26228	This UWP administration already has a track record of meaningfully helping the youth, with actions not empty words.
26229	This vaccine used to be imported from India but after strained Indo-Pak relations its import has stopped and the authorities didn’t make arrangement for its import from other sources.
26230	This video focuses on the different ways to pray during the Lenten season.
26231	This view interconnects all available reference data by structure, name, synonym, and CAS registry number to add an exceptional level of chemical intelligence to the entire platform.
26232	This virus is very fast.
26233	This was a collective decision," writes the president, "and the public statements by both myself and the Minister were done on behalf of, and mandated by, the collective I lead."
26234	“This was a harmless chat regarding a crew member who made me feel at ease during filming and I had absolutely no intentions of pursuing him.”
26235	This was a jump of 124 coronavirus fatalities from a Health Department report issued earlier in the day.
26236	This was also evident judging by the wonderful donation of water from many sources when a dam in the south of the city dried up, leaving the ducks and geese in serious trouble.
26237	This was also true for Kermani, who had originally planned to visit his family in Iran.
26238	This was announced late Sunday night after the state cabinet meeting chaired by Chief Minister K. Chandrashekhar Rao.
26239	“This was a regular medical survey, from which we could draw the conclusion that we cannot eat chicken any more.
26240	This was a sign that he was becoming Flanderized on the series.
26241	This was a weekly boost of 1,316 contracts from the previous week which had a total of 117,132 net contracts.
26242	This was cheap enough, so I bit the bullet.
26243	This was common in the crowded and unsanitary conditions in boarding schools.
26244	This was confirmed by the Energy Directorate from the Ministry of Environment and Energy (MINAE), after inquiries from the media.
26245	This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State.
26246	This was exemplified by not treating with the facts of the case that led sadly to the first death and by the puzzling students issue.
26247	This was immediately followed by targeting the areas aimed at sieging Turkey.
26248	This was Iran.”
26249	This was months before the first official Freedom Rides.
26250	This was more about Tua being ready, and not about Fitz being good enough.
26251	This was my favorite fight in the game.
26252	This was my introduction.
26253	This was Rasmussen’s second season as an official after she took part in the first youth official course in Australia when she was in under-15s.
26254	This was revealed during a review meeting chaired by Housing and Urban Development Minister Pratap Jena Friday.
26255	This was the genesis of the Migrant Fleet, and this temporary countermeasure against the Geth ended up becoming permanent.
26256	This was the reality before the pandemic exposed the vulnerabilities of measures and programs that never quite outgrew their status as short-term solutions.
26257	This was written before work was completed on the tunnel and we do not know for sure how many deceased Sutro miners were buried in Virginia City, nor do we know how many were buried in the Sutro Cemetery.
26258	This way, traders could calibrate their measuring instruments using a uniform standard.”
26259	This way, we would be on our way to winning the fight against human trafficking.
26260	This way you can buy with confidence.
26261	This week, a total of 31 flights from UAE, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain, Kuwait, Lebanon, and Oman were facilitated to bring back distressed Filipinos abroad.
26262	This week, a U.S. Air Force plane delivered medical aid, including 50 U.S.-made ventilators, to Russia.
26263	This weekend marks 13 weeks of Civil Saturday demonstrations in Pittsburgh.
26264	This week festival-goers will be taken into a realm of dance delivered by the well-known, Tribhangi Dance Theatre delivering a repertoire that includes African, Indian, Contemporary and Afro-fusion.
26265	This week it was reported that Priorities USA, one of the major Democratic super PACs, spent $6m attacking Trump’s response to Covid-19 in adverts aired in Wisconsin, Florida, Pennsylvania and Michigan.
26266	This week’s pattern could end up leading to record-breaking cold temperatures as we head into the weekend – just in time for Mother’s Day.
26267	This week’s show features Doug Benson, Frank Conniff and Trace Beaulieu, and more.
26268	This week's Zango feature project is a fabulous collection of 2, 3 and 4-bedroom villa-style homes that offer buyers the chance to grab a brand new, value-for-money home in an established suburb.
26269	This week, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) on how congenital syphilis diagnoses in the United States increased 261 percent between 2013 and 2018.
26270	This week there’s a surge of planet power in your travel zone, so even plans that have been set aside can switch back on.
26271	This week was observed from December 2 to 8 in the state.
26272	This week we have less than $20,000 in expected revenue to cover $45,000 of expenses.
26273	This whole virus thing is well out of the LDPs experience, planning or mental capabilities.
26274	This will allow businesses to utilise modern solutions and stay competitive.
26275	“This will allow them to enter FASTag lanes without any cash being deducted in any of the five plazas on Rajiv Gandhi Salai,” an official said.
26276	This will also push Instagram to rank your posts and stories better on its discover page.
26277	This will apply to tourists as well.
26278	“This will be life-changing assistance for some of our best and brightest and allow them to complete their degree without financial strain.
26279	This will benefit the developers and the overall housing market by increasing the sales of projects and demand.
26280	This will be seen during the period of 2050 to 2100.
26281	This will be the first time since 2005 that the Hokies and UVA play outside of Thanksgiving weekend, but the 102 time overall for the two teams to play.
26282	This will create an integrated capital market with capitalization in excess of $1 trillion, representing 90% of Africa’s total equity market.
26283	This will depend on the policies and procedures of the employer, although many may follow the policies above.
26284	This will enable musicians some level of financial support during this period and somewhat in the future.
26285	This will happen now as well, when and if it is necessary.
26286	“This will have lasting consequences,” said Berkowitz, now NELP’s director of safety and health.
26287	This will help keep your building safe from accidental fires caused by lit cigarettes.
26288	This will help the U separate from a 27-point loss Tuesday as they head into 19 consecutive games in arguably the toughest league in college basketball.
26289	This will help you cut down on one-off items or ingredients that are specific to a certain dish.
26290	"This will help you understand whether your home is expensive to heat, or not," said Kim Havey, Minneapolis Division of sustainability director.
26291	This will improve your posture and stabilize your core.
26292	This will list their cause of death and the age he or she died.
26293	This will put stress on the scope tube.
26294	This will result in the use of human and material resources already limited in Haiti, especially in the health emergency context.”
26295	This winter's thawing and refreezing has made for treacherous ice conditions on sidewalks, driveways and parking lots, and residents beware: The most dangerous time for slips and falls is just around the corner.
26296	This wolf-headed Captain would be too slow to avoid such a fate.
26297	“This would drive the development of Sarawak up several notches,” he said.
26298	This would get Denver some ROI before Simmons hits free-agency, but obviously ends any chance of a long-term deal with Denver.
26299	This would give women the opportunity to resolve equal pay issues without having to go to court, which would be a huge step forward.”
26300	This would help to stop the spread of the disease and prevent a second wave of infections.
26301	This would prove to be a wise move by Duke.
26302	This would require conversion to DNA and then the sequence of the alphabets (ATGC) worked out.
26303	This would then result in the perception that time is moving slowly over the quarantine experience, though it's likely time will feel as though it's speeding up again as the quarantine becomes more familiar."
26304	This yearâ€™s class 10 pass percentage is 75.01 per cent, as per the official data.
26305	"This year because of COVID, we're going to arrange for people to come to our different locations," Craig said.
26306	“This year, due to the standard operating procedures (SOP) we are required to adhere to, the maximum capacity is about 500 participants.
26307	“This year I’m going to request monetary donations from the customers who come in.”
26308	This year, in spite of the COVID-19 virus that is playing havoc with all of our lives, we are going to have the Giveaway in our parking lot, instead of inside the Parish Hall.
26309	This year, it makes sense to gift the movie buff or music fan in your life with home theater gifts that take the night up to the next level.
26310	This year it’s George.
26311	This year it will be online at from Saturday, November 21 to Monday, Nov. 30. Bid on vacation homes, private plane tours, local artisanal goods and more.
26312	This year, Light Up a Life will be a virtual tree-lighting and remembrance ceremony on Friday, Dec. 6, at 6pm.
26313	This year, professional and amateur applicants submitted almost 50,000 entries to the Wildlife Photographer of the Year competition.
26314	This year, Quality Switch plans to use grant programs to train and educate its workforce while exploring new methods of improving production capabilities, the CEO says.
26315	This year's CES featured the conference's first-ever discussion of breaking up the big tech companies — an idea getting a lot of debate among 2020 Democratic candidates.
26316	This year’s departures take place amid a lockdown.
26317	This year’s distinguished class includes honorees from the North American committee, Women’s Committee and International Committee.
26318	This year’s EU-India Summit agreed upon a high-level economic dialogue.
26319	This year’s Grammy awards ceremony is happening Sunday, Jan.
26320	This year's peak should begin the nights of April 21 and morning of April 22, shortly before dawn, reports the American Meteor Society (AMS).
26321	This year, states were contending with an avalanche of mail ballots driven by fears of voting in person during a pandemic.
26322	This year the Belarusian army will participate in 22 contests of the International Army Games.
26323	This year we have seen a very significant increase in deaths compared to years prior.
26324	This year will be the company’s fourth annual ngoma awards and will held on 5th December at the Two Rivers mall.
26325	This year will undoubtedly look different as protecting against the spread of the novel Coronavirus has limited travel.
26326	Thomas isn’t someone who uses guilt or pressure to get readers to cut out fish or meat products.
26327	Thomas Knapp, who was 81 at the time of the incident, is accused in the shotgun slaying of 51-year-old Kevin Leroy Juzek, also of rural Merrill.
26328	Thomason has spent a long time working with individuals who are victims and know victims of such acts.
26329	Thomas Parks, a Nunapitchuk city councilman, said that the whole village was quiet.
26330	THOMPKINS: And I hope we play that one.
26331	Thompson locked his brakes and skied through the intersection at the top of the off-ramp, striking a guard rail and traffic light post before finally coming to a stop.
26332	Thor arrived at the last moment, and sank his new battleax, Stormbreaker, deep into Thanos' chest.
26333	Thor: Love and Thunder will see Natalie Portman's character battling cancer.
26334	Thornley said that the principals had developed plans that would have met all health guidelines and still brought local kids back into the schools.
26335	Thorpe tripled the score of his nearest competitor in the pentathlon and 688 more points than the second-place finisher in the decathlon.
26336	Thorstein Veblen would approve--at least of the evidence for his satiric economic theory.
26337	Those accusations and more were the comments of a frequent guest on Israel News Talk Radio – Beyond the Matrix, Dr. Rafael Medoff, executive director of the David S. Wyman, Institute of Holocaust Studies.
26338	Those are big numbers, considering the fact that six short months ago, few members of the general public had ever heard of the coronavirus.
26339	Those are both substantial improvements over the 47.7 points scored and 82.6 points given up per game to non-conference foes.
26340	"Those are never easy decisions.
26341	Those aren't exclamation points.
26342	“Those are skills that, whether they realize it or not, they will transfer to their science homework, to their math homework, to their reading homework.
26343	Those are the intractable options.
26344	Those around Joe dare not even mention Hunter’s name.
26345	Those arrests followed the well-publicised arrest of a pregnant Ballarat woman over allegations of a separate rally planned there for Saturday.
26346	Those attempting the luge know if they hit the walls on their run by feeling a subtle vibration in their sleds.
26347	Those clear and measurable results have been missing from many of the district schools adopting blended learning, a recent University of New England study.
26348	Those common threads include the usual sexual discrimination – a boys club they weren’t a part of, men promoted quickly as they stay in the same place for years, lunch duty relegated as women’s work – and more sinister stories.
26349	Those communities won’t be the only ones that Batwoman helps, but “those are the ones that Ryan is attached to, that she would want to be able to help.”
26350	Those discussions included leading figures in the fields of literature, diplomacy and the STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) disciplines.
26351	Those donations will ensure 189 children will get Christmas gifts this year.
26352	Those engaging in strenuous outdoor activities will be at greater risk for heat illness.
26353	Those expenses don’t include depreciation on bins, which can vary widely, but do cover handling, in addition to interest paid on loans because grain isn’t sold at harvest to raise cash.
26354	Those experiencing homelessness are exempt from the requirement to stay in their homes.
26355	Those factors also make a recovery hard to predict.
26356	Those fortunate enough to be ticket-holders of the big event have enjoyed access to an additional slew of event perks, including the opportunity to encounter a long-awaited Gen IV favorite, the shape-shifting Rotom.
26357	Those gates damage Attackers and their utility but turn off to allow defenders to access.
26358	Those in and around Rome went up from 63 to 95 over the same span.
26359	Those investors who claim the first quarter is old news will still have plenty to learn from this week.
26360	Those late plays – the romances, as they are called – are fairy tales.
26361	Those looking for a unique design. iPad Air has a unique design that merges the display with the touchscreen allowing you to feel no gap between your icons and your finger when you touch it.
26362	Those losses … That can be very deflating if it happens.”
26363	Those mean something, too.
26364	Those measures were mobilized in real life when a first suspected coronavirus patient appeared in South Korea on Jan.
26365	"Those not yet licensed are of most concern as licences communicate the regulatory requirements the system operators must meet to ensure the water is safe to drink," the report said.
26366	Those of us transitioning to working from home have a more sedentary lifestyle than normal.
26367	Those on a budget can play without ray tracing support for up to an hour for free.
26368	Those people are accustomed to changing their positions to falsify the facts, while what is required is to change them, because they constitute the real tragedy of the Lebanese people.
26369	Those people need coverage to treat the conditions that make them vulnerable in the first place.
26370	Those positions had originally been paid for through the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) Grants program, but the grant expired June 30, 2019.
26371	Those realities prompted D.C. activists to immediately paint a counter-message on the street next to Mayor Bowser’s Black Lives Matter mural: “Defund the police.”
26372	Those samples come from low-risk individuals and will eventually be sent to North-Carolina based LabCorp, which Axios reported can take up to a week to deliver results.
26373	Those setting a fire can also be charged under the Provincial Offences Act and be responsible for the costs incurred for fire service response and potential fire suppression efforts.
26374	Those sitting the subjects at Advanced Higher – not including human biology – saw the number of passes fall by 14.1%, although there was a 13% reduction in those sitting the tests.
26375	Those six states are at varying degrees of stay-at-home orders and social-distancing guidelines.
26376	Those specific situations are given under section 8(2) of the Act.
26377	“Those students not attending will get a zero on the first assignment, and this will, of course, have consequences further down the line.”
26378	Those students, she said, are in touch with Treehouse staffers — which makes her think they’re more engaged than other foster youth in Washington to begin with.
26379	Those suddenly mouthing about diplomatic opportunity can dream on.
26380	Those superyachts are desiged to sit on a pier, maintenance, power and fuel consumption are insane as well as number of crew vs passangers.
26381	Those supporters had turned their protest against the imposition of a £14.95 pay-per-view fee for the match into an opportunity to do good.
26382	Those systems can put out 10,000 gallons of safe water a day.
26383	“Those that appoint service providers either appoint incompetent service providers or they poorly manage these contractors due to some of the technical incapacity in some of these municipalities.”
26384	Those that use Virgin Media can sign up to an anonymous caller-rejection feature if willing to pay £3 a month.
26385	Those things might affect someone’s sense of self or behaviors.
26386	Those two will get the bulk of the carries, with John Emery Jr. also figuring in. Who gets more will likely be decided during offseason work.
26387	"Those under suspension will have their situation reviewed periodically between now, and events starting again."
26388	Those violations have to be serious and substantiated and not simply complaints against a dog, Jeffries said.
26389	Those who are not at risk need to be able to provide for their families.
26390	Those who came back to their native district say the lockdown is strict here and that people are also taking precautions out of fear.
26391	Those who could not afford bonds were asked to buy stamps.
26392	Those who do so are not fit to hold public office.”
26393	Those who have been following Microsoft's exploits in 2019 might have heard about Project Scarlett and Project Lockhart.
26394	Those who have obtained 50 per cent marks will be considered qualified.
26395	Those who live in the suburbs (49%) and those who report an income of $100K or more a year (48%) are more likely to identify as “capitalist.”
26396	Those who prefer their sports with a side of murder-mystery can turn to this Australian series, which centers on the wives and girlfriends of a group of fictional Australian soccer players.
26397	Those who takes part in the Aberdeen Reads Challenge will be entered into a prize draw, with an additional chance of winning for people who complete three or more of the tasks.
26398	Those who would like to attend the funeral but cannot due to the current restrictions on gatherings are invited to leave a message on the online condolences page.
26399	Those winds will be from an on-shore direction, so coastal flooding is not expected.
26400	Those with little or no tax liability also will get $1,200 ($2,400 for joint returns).
26401	Those with more questions about the virus are encouraged to visit CoronaVirusHelpline.org or call the toll-free Coronavirus Helpline at (888) 581-5029 for more information.
26402	Those with package tours booked to mainland Spain and the Balearic and Canary islands will be eligible for a refund because the tour operator will almost certainly have to cancel the trip in the face of the new Foreign Office rules.
26403	Though Aquariuses love breaking the rules and going against societal norms because it's pretty much in their blood, they aren't actually daring in the sense of being brave like Gryffindors.
26404	Though Chabon might not seem like an obvious candidate for a career in franchise entertainment, he said that after he turned 50, he told himself, “I’m going to start saying yes to things that I probably would have said no to in the past.”
26405	Though entire episodes usually aren’t dedicated to these, at least small parts of them are.
26406	Though Gomez concedes the next 12 months are going to be “very hard for us”.
26407	Though guests still had the opportunity to visit Disney World's other attractions, this was a rare occasion.
26408	Though Harley Quinn is famously linked with the Joker, he's not the only romantic option for her.
26409	Though he was apparently reluctant to become a pirate initiallycame to see the advantages of a life outside the known laws of the sea.
26410	Though his parents valiantly tried to interrupt the process for several years, he remained a smoker as an adult, smoking a pack-and-a-half a day by his early 30s.
26411	Though, it shouldn't come as much of a surprise.
26412	Though it was the furthest she’d gone barefoot (and surprisingly, her first ever official marathon) the reality of going shoeless for such a long distance didn't seem to hit home until right before the big adventure.
26413	Though most of its sales are in Canada, approximately 9.3% comes from international markets.
26414	Though much individual success followed Bobrovsky, playoff success alluded him too as he didn’t make it out of the first round himself until his fourth go-around.
26415	Though nature of cases registered against these nationalists and democratic minded political activists was political but no one from Pakistan has made an attempt to demand extradition or surrender of these politicians.
26416	Though no death casualties have been confirmed, sources told The Nation 20 persons have been abducted in the village.
26417	Though she never mentioned any name in the said video, the timing and inference drawn from the video could be seen as her response to the engagement news.
26418	Though she staked out a large lead in the polls, the results in the Legislative Yuan could be a little more interesting.
26419	Though she suffered acute chest pains, she had to continue working for her callous aunt.
26420	Though the chalet was not formally placed on the market, local sources tell me they had 'put feelers out' with a view to finding a buyer and a sale ought to be achieved in the coming months.
26421	Though the recent series was delayed as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, the journey of the Digi-Destined has returned in full force with the latest episode featuring a battle between Greymon and Ogremon that shook the world around them.
26422	Though there is still tension in the community where a woman was allegedly assaulted by some masquerades and being hospitalised.
26423	Though the U.K. as a whole has a confirmed virus death toll of 44,220, the third-highest in the world, behind the United States and Brazil, the NHS and everyone who works within it, in whatever capacity, have been lauded for their work and care.
26424	Though the WWI drama didn’t win the Oscar for best picture as predicted, “1917” became a sizable commercial hit, grossing $322 million worldwide.
26425	Though this horrifying situation happened under General Ignatius Kutu Acheampong, the President at the time was left with no choice than to publish the names of GCB defaulters in a bid to resolve the situation.
26426	Though unconfirmed, there's a pretty good chance Mirage is the one responsible for the terrifying visions the others are plagued by in the trailer.
26427	Though we have no reliable statistics on this, almost every household has been affected.
26428	Though, you could argue that trading Hopkins will make it easier for Houston to afford Watson.
26429	Thousands attended a vigil for George Floyd at Calgary’s Olympic Plaza on Saturday.
26430	Thousands commented on her original post and subsequent messages as she talked of contacting the police and of healing physically and emotionally.
26431	Thousands flocked to Rio de Janeiro’s famed beaches on Sunday, December 20, at the start of summer in the southern hemisphere, worrying authorities as coronavirus infections continue to rise in the country.
26432	Thousands flock to Florida beaches and party on boats while.
26433	Thousands more businesses applied for waivers that didn’t need them to stay open, according to state officials.
26434	Thousands of children as young as FOUR are tuning in for.
26435	Thousands of mostly peaceful protestors have taken to town squares across the UK today - with small clashes erupting between supporters and groups of counter-protestors.
26436	Thousands of opponents of the changes rallied Monday outside the parliament building, accusing the new government of pushing Montenegro back into Serbia’s grip.
26437	Thousands of people have already been pushed to their local food bank during this pandemic – but with your help, standing alongside your community, this can change.
26438	Thousands of spectators in Royal Albert Hall, as well as in Hyde Park outside, wave Union Jacks as they belt the chorus, “Rule, Britannia!
26439	Thousands took to the streets in Poznan, Warsaw, Wroclaw and Krakow, footage from private broadcaster TVN showed.
26440	Threatened, largely due to hunting by stock farmers and also the destruction of indigenous forest habitats.
26441	Threats of violence at a protest outside Gov. Tim Walz's house in St. Paul on Friday.
26442	Three brokerage and equity research firms have zeroed in on a few cement stocks, separately, that hold the potential to grow with a strong financials and proven track record for growth.
26443	Three cheers for an easy dinner and dessert combo.
26444	Three decades before he won the Nobel Prize in literature, Hamsun wrote this semi-autobiographical work about a nameless young man in Norway.
26445	Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company.
26446	Three golf majors across August, September and the Masters in November.
26447	Three Hardaway-coached players are in the NBA, including a pair of top 20 first-round picks last month in James Wiseman at No. 2 overall to the Golden State Warriors and Precious Achiuwa at No. 20 to the Miami Heat.
26448	Three masked men attacked the headquarters of the show's creators in Rio de Janeiro last month.
26449	Three men have been arrested for trying to bribe a detective to make an attempted murder case disappear.
26450	Three of ALLEGIANT’s projects are farmed-out, providing for cost reductions and cash-flow.
26451	Three officers pin her to the ground, with one appearing to put his knee on her neck area before he pulls it off.
26452	Three of the MPC members charged with making that decision have hinted that they could vote to reduce interest rates if the economy slows.
26453	Three of them tested positive while 128 still waiting for their lab test results.
26454	Three of them, to be specific: Each person in attendance becomes either the member, the critic, or the observer.
26455	Three of the six charges filed by regulators are serious enough to shut down the project, the regulator said.
26456	Three of the student cases are virtual students, and five are face-to-face students.
26457	Three of the suspected assailants who left Mohamad Al-Gahaffi in a coma in Manhattan.
26458	Three other people involved were sentenced to between seven and 10 years.
26459	Three others have died.
26460	Three people sit in front of a Lennon Wall displaying hand-painted posters by Otto Yuen, in Hong Kong.
26461	Three persons were travelling in Bolero and were crossing the bridge when the lost the control of the van due to strong current.
26462	Three points regarding Suga’s economic policy should be highlighted.
26463	Three pro-democracy politicians from Hong Kong’s legislative chamber this morning, disrupting the start of a second day of debate on a contentious bill that would criminalise insulting or abusing the Chinese national anthem.
26464	Three separate investigations into McClain’s death have been initiated by the federal government, state attorney general’s office and the city of Aurora.
26465	Three times on the post-debate call with the Biden team reporters brought the most obvious : Will the former V.P., a man who so tries to follow the rules of the game that he cut himself off for time during his primaries, put himself through that again?
26466	“Three to four years maximum, which will include the landscaping on the outside of the elevator, installing the electrical and such, but as far as for viewing and going inside, we’re hoping two years.”
26467	Three weeks ago, Bobby Whitacre, vice president of Impala Transport in Plano, Texas, was looking to hire a well site supervisor for $200 a day with paid time off.
26468	Three young men arrested during the November 2019 protests were to be executed in Iran.
26469	Through April, enplanements have fallen 33.3% to 171,393, from the same period in 2019.
26470	Through investigation, police learned that the owner observed the man via video surveillance dumping garbage on the property.
26471	Through my club which is comprised of women from my church, I have managed to buy a deep freezer, sofas, four plate stove and a kitchen unit.
26472	Throughout Hannah’s treatment, she was still in the early stages of a relationship.
26473	“Throughout her tenure as Niagara County District Attorney, Caroline Wojtaszek has not only been a strong proponent of the law, she has worked tirelessly for the people of our community,” said Restaino.
26474	"Throughout history, WWE's action-packed storylines have spawned iconic, one-of-a-kind memorabilia, most of which is lost in attics, hidden in boxes or even claimed by competitors," the release read.
26475	Throughout our Towns, Cities, State and Nation the majority of everyone’s focus has been on COVID-19 and its impacts on community health and the economy.
26476	Throughout the Ron Howard-directed sports biopic, Crowe is lights out in his portrayal of the former heavyweight champion of the world.
26477	Throughout the world, USAPEEC touts the high quality of American poultry and egg products.
26478	Through reconstructing how the Russian-state narrative was received by Russian-speakers living in Ukraine, the researchers were able to determine the areas where it would have been safest for Russia to send special forces.
26479	‘Through that particular journey, I learned so much about myself and was able to really confront a lot of emotional immaturities, emotional insecurity and I was really able to do some really deep healing,’ Jada said.
26480	Through the credit card, the suspect could buy any software he needs to work and protect his job so that he cannot be traced.”
26481	Through the IRGC, Tehran has been instrumental in the paramilitarisation of the Middle East.
26482	Through their Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, the and his wife have donated nearly $1.4 billion in the last five years to causes such as environmental conservation, scientific research, higher education and the San Francisco Bay Area.
26483	Through the pandemic, Nigerians expect the government to stabilise and strengthen the nation’s economy and healthcare systems.
26484	Through this journey, he did “moral self inventory,” which he admits was a harsh process, but says it was the push he needed to rediscover his purpose.
26485	Through three games of the Stanley Cup qualifying round, the Calgary Flames have proved they’re good at a lot of things.
26486	Throw in Carolina’s ascendant passing game with wide receivers Robby Anderson, DJ Moore, and Curtis Samuel, and unsurprisingly, quarterback Teddy Bridgewater is on track to put up career highs in passing yards and touchdowns this season.
26487	Throw in the therapeutic effect of moringa, black seed, argan and watermelon seed oil and you’ve got a product as relaxing as it is result-driven.
26488	Throw it in the trash.”
26489	Thrown on in the 70th minute and told to puncture Brighton’s resilience, Bale produced the decisive moment three minutes later, leaping to score for the first time since returning to Tottenham.
26490	Thupi also confirmed the development in an interview.
26491	Thursday's sweeping 96-1 vote sent the bill to the White House for President Donald Trump's signature.
26492	Thursday's vote saw Ghalibaf succeed Ali Larijani, who had held the post since 2008.
26493	Thursday, ushering in guests eager to try their luck 78 days after resorts were closed because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
26494	Thurston finished with 196 hits.
26495	Thus far, there have been 25,424 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Iowa, with 15,904 of those now deemed recovered.
26496	Thus, he said, “the degree of confidence within the company was always high” that it would succeed this time, too.
26497	Thus, internet dating is the very best version as muchas the last.
26498	Thus, Muslims find their identity and place in India, which even the liberal West does not openly accord to its increasingly diverse population in that it expects all communities to assimilate and imbibe Western values and ways of life.
26499	Thus, the regulator ordered the company to correct the revealed violations; otherwise, it might face new fines or even a full revocation of the license.
26500	Thus the young persons die pre-maturely while the elderly continue to live.
26501	Thwarting counterfeit handbag sales and falsified reviews is a good first step.
26502	Ticket holders will be offered full refunds.
26503	Tickets and information are available at crowdcast.
26504	Tickets are $35 and available at Caribbean Curry House in Cote des Neiges, Caribbean Paradise Restaurant in LaSalle and Marche Collonnade in the West Island, or by calling (514) 620-6612.
26505	Tickets are available at the Aberdeen Performing Arts website, 01224 641122 or at the HMT, Music Hall or Lemon Tree box offices.
26506	Tickets can be purchased via a on the Netzer’s Floral Facebook page through Tuesday night.
26507	Tien: That’s the truth.
26508	Tierney opens up on McGregor friendship, calls himself the 'biggest fanboy ever'
26509	Tierra Trotter cut loose with a 3 but it was blocked as she was knocked to the floor.
26510	Tiffany said at the time she wouldn't accept anything other than Ronald coming to the United States because she simply wasn't ready to move her kids to another country.
26511	TI Georgia noted media footage showed possible cases of vote-buying.
26512	“Tiger, it’s really similar,” Manning said to Tiger.
26513	Tigers coach Michael Maguire was more than happy for Reynolds to return this weekend when most rival clubs will rest their big stars.
26514	“Tight checking, lot of good plays made on the ice.
26515	Tight end coach Freddie Kitchens took over as the play-caller, with offensive coordinator Jason Garrett away from the team after testing positive for COVID-19.
26516	Tigress eventually came to respect and support Po as her friend and The Dragon Warrior.
26517	Tikhanovskaya, who officially received only 10% of the vote in the election, has declared herself national leader, and wants to be a transitional figure until new, free elections can be held.
26518	TikTok accepts disabling disabled users' accounts, says 'Was preventing them from bullying'
26519	TikTok has emphasized its ties to the US and its independence from China.
26520	Tiley, who practices at Royal Cinque Ports Golf Club, has been on the European Tour since last qualifying in 2017 - he had previously done so in 2011 - while he has been on the Challenge Tour now for 10 years.
26521	Till date it has been a 100 per cent success rate and I hope it stays that way,” she said.
26522	Till date, special flights ferrying British, German and Czech Republic citizens have taken off despite the lockdown, with AAI making special arrangements.
26523	Till Tuesday, Pimpri-Chinchwad has reported 1,447 deaths of local residents due to Covid-19 and death of 598 patients from outside PCMC limits.
26524	Time for another money grab.
26525	Time is literally running out.”
26526	TimesLIVE reached out to the SANDF for say on the smoking visuals on Wednesday, but is yet to receive a response.
26527	Time was spent in Jay Cooke State Park and handling ATV-related complaints.
26528	Tim Stanley: Who won the presidential debate?
26529	Tipsters can provide information anonymously by calling “Crime Stoppers” at (800)222-TIPS.
26530	Tip-top Exclusive cars get blind spot monitoring technology as well, adding to a 360-degree parking camera and heated front seats.
26531	Tito's is a brand of vodka made at Texas' first legal distillery and was founded in 1997 in Austin by Tito Beveridge.
26532	T.I. wants the smoke with 50 Cent.
26533	T.I. was appalled by what he heard.
26534	Tkac and Team Slovakia were bounced from the tournament in the Jan.
26535	T Krishnakumar - President, Coca-Cola India and Southwest Asia, said, “This initiative will help us with last mile connectivity to ensure people are hydrated and have their relevant choice of beverages.
26536	Tladi stressed the need for new legislation to improve compliance regarding the payment of TV Licence fees, arguing that local pay-TV operators such as DStv should enforce this.
26537	T-Mobile celebrated the launch with a surprise drone light show in Lisbon, North Dakota, a city of under 2,000 people and 2.25 square miles of land.
26538	To accompany the memorable sequences, Hans, Jacob Shea, and the team at Bleeding Fingers created a series of new compositions accompanied by the BBC Concert Orchestra and the 22-year-old rapper.
26539	To account for this, and because I wanted my name generator to yield names that are popular today, I downloaded the census’s most popular baby names and cut down my Wikipedia dataset to only include people with census-popular names.
26540	To achieve this we should amend technical regulations,” Vadim Demko noted.
26541	To acquire the fundamental training, candidates must take part in an accredited Physician Assistant program.
26542	"To actually, really comprehend how little training I had working with disabled actors and how appalling that is, it really, as an artist, it challenged me," she continued.
26543	To adhere to COVID-19 guidelines, these small team training sessions are divided into athletic cohorts so that players on large teams are not all coming into contact with one another.
26544	To all the people who complained about Mogale City’s dustbin cleaners, okay I know it’s unacceptable for them to strike, but put yourself in their shoes.
26545	To anyone who is not social distancing, Kardashian West said, "I think that it's extremely irresponsible for anyone to not take this seriously.
26546	To back her arguments, she delved deep into her personal life, revealing how she had been sexually assaulted in her 20s, and telling of her violent first marriage.
26547	To be able to do that he must not allow himself to be influenced by factionalism.
26548	To be a part of the foundation of the Super Bowl run, and the dynasty and the championships … it was really that for me.”
26549	To be considered for the honors, a student must be an athlete, student trainer or manager in good standing with the team; of good moral character; a senior; and have an overall grade-point average of 92 or above.
26550	To be fair, a clip from Sam Raimi's did go semi-viral about a week after Quibi's launch, if only for its extremely bizarre story.
26551	To be fair, it’s been awhile since Nese was champ and pinning him now doesn’t feel like that big of a deal.
26552	To be fair, losing to Kansas City and Tennessee is not exactly an indictment of Allen or his teammates, and the offensive machine of the first four weeks should return in earnest against the Jets (0-6).
26553	To be fair to the anime, manga Chapter 7 briefly summarizes all of these developments in one paragraph.
26554	"To be honest, the homeless community is more shocking than the COVID," she said.
26555	To be negligent, a medical provider must have acted taking into account the circumstances in which the medical provider was acting.
26556	To be produced by Mythri Movie Makers, the new film is touted to be a musical rom-com.
26557	To be sure, I have sympathy for the teachers and the school.
26558	Tobias Ellwood: ‘I don’t see a defence strategy here, I see a cost-cutting exercise.’
26559	Toby is also volunteering, meaning any extra hours he has he puts to good use giving something back to the NHS, which saved his life when he had liver disease.
26560	To celebrate the launch of these new virtual season tickets, Elgin City is offering a fantastic prize giveaway (entry below).
26561	TO celebrate the release of his new anthology album, A Circle of Swallows, Nibs van der Spuy will host a launch concert at the Westville Theatre Club on Friday, 21 and Saturday, 22 February from 7pm.
26562	To combat this rising concern, the Government has insured the recipients under the Fiji Care Insurance.
26563	To conclude, there are so many lessons to be drawn from Hon. Bah’s statement.
26564	To create a more lethal, overlapping and multi-dimensional threat, Taiwan should focus on integrating asymmetric weaponry against the most consequential and indispensable component to a successful PLA invasion: amphibious transport vessels.
26565	To date, 12,256 cases of COVID-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, have been reported in North Carolina.
26566	To date, he has received no indication of interest from either side.
26567	To date, Professor Mosepele said 80 000 tests had been conducted, mostly at border posts.
26568	To date, that pic has pulled in more than 8,600 likes and over 350 comments.
26569	To date there have been more than 5,255 confirmed cases across at least 47 countries in Africa, with Sudan reporting six confirmed cases, including two deaths.
26570	To date, Toronto Public Health has never published any data on the number of workplaces affected by COVID, and have only publicly identified a few where there have been outbreaks, mostly grocery stores.
26571	Today, Duckworth Vodka is distributed throughout Texas and major retailers and boutique wine and spirits stores.
26572	Today Emefiele has left nobody in doubt that he had indeed received grooming from one of the best mentors in the Nigerian banking landscape, Mr. Jim Ovia.
26573	Today, existing trolleybuses are enough to serve the existing routes, TLT communications manager Kaarel Kutti told ERR.
26574	Today, Governor Kemp stuck with another key data point.
26575	Today, guests come for the iconic heart of palm salad, the rocking chairs lining the wraparound veranda, and a healthy dose of Old Florida charm.
26576	Today his tomb is located in a side chapel in the same church where St. Vincent de Paul’s incorrupt body is located.
26577	Today I love drinking coffee at the cottage while I write, but pretty soon I’ll be in that water splashing kids who aren’t allowed to come near me, ha ha ha.
26578	Today I Love The Raven’s Call.
26579	Today, India is producing over two lakhs PPE Kits and over two lakh N95 masks daily.
26580	Today in the south west, five of of the six governors are APC.
26581	Today is my only day off from teaching, and I use this time to do work for myself like planning my classes, getting back to emails, and editing any upcoming submissions I have.
26582	Today, it's the first steps you can take if you've lost your job.
26583	Today, large caps are mildly underperforming, in which financial stocks did contribute to the upside, but weakness in post the RBI curbs limited the upside.
26584	Today, less than 70 percent of the state’s nearly 700 nursing homes are in compliance with the generator rule.
26585	Today, Monica could check his Instagram or Facebook to check if he had hung out with other women, even before she went out on a date with him.
26586	Today, Nigeria provides its energy through the four main sources: coal, hydro, oil and natural gas.
26587	Today's data is indicative of exactly that.
26588	Today’s decision opens the doors for those still in the shadows.”
26589	Today’s excursion at the Court of Appeal appeared far more taxing, though, as attorneys left the virtual hearing with more questions than they had going in.
26590	Today’s gospel is taken from his writings, one of the four gospels, while being the shortest goes into the most detail about Jesus’ ministry.
26591	Today’s movies contain way too much violence and destruction and have no doubt dulled the minds of youth who watch them into thinking family values and morality are not needed in their lives.
26592	Today's not only election day, but it's also National sandwich day too!
26593	Today starts a 21-day period during which may practice with the team without counting against the 53-player active roster.
26594	Today, the burn rate has been significantly reduced to $27 million a day.
26595	Today, the new YouTube Channel is announced - providing theatre lovers with a West End and Broadway experience in their own homes, online for free.
26596	Today, thousands of Albuquerque residents live in homes that once excluded minorities.
26597	“Today was an awesome display of volunteerism by our beloved Soulful Softball Sunday community,” Brown said.
26598	Today, we have hospitals and intensive care units.
26599	Today, we paid a little tribute to Michael outside of their home.
26600	“Today we’re starting here, I guess not very far from the actual explosion site,” Armstrong said outside the port.
26601	Today, we’ve created an equity-based Bruce’s Beach Task Force to recognize all affected during that time along with the Bruce Family, but giving knowledge that positive change for involving a community can happen, especially in numbers.
26602	Today, we will take a look at some of the important features WhatsApp is planning to bring very soon for its users.
26603	Today :) What a sight to capture flag of peace maker fluttering all over the city.
26604	“Today, when seemingly everything is politicized, from college to weather reports, sports, entertainment, and food -- and now what to even call this deadly pandemic -- we live in an era where voters consume.”
26605	“Today would’ve been Dad’s 69th birthday, so to honour him (& that glorious number), I will be donating $69.69 to as many local homeless shelters as I can,” she wrote.
26606	Today Wrexham saw a +86 rise in confirmed cases on the Public Health Wales daily dashboard update, with 18.1% positive proportion of tests which takes the local authority area to 392 per 100k on the seven day rolling figures to the 14th.
26607	"Today you are making history.
26608	Todd Fuhrman tells Cousin Sal and Rachel Bonnetta why he's fully expecting Patrick Mahomes and the.
26609	To defeat the virus, no one must be left out.
26610	To do so, we will set up further types of testing occasions."
26611	To do this, the state needs to strengthen legal and institutional frameworks for dealing with corrupt practices in the security sector, especially in counter-terrorism operations.
26612	To ease congestions at the existing rythu bazaars, the temporary markets which were set up nearby vacant grounds will continue.
26613	To ensure a proper response is possible, Rocca urged that essential humanitarian aid must be able to flow into countries without added barriers like sanctions.
26614	“To ensure optimal utilisation of the newly installed transformer, a brand new switch-yard made up of 132kV, 33kV and three 33kV feeders was equally installed and commissioned.
26615	To ensure the NI credit isn't wasted it is essential that the adult who is not paying NI through employment or self-employment claims the child benefit.
26616	To ensure the Party is better placed to detect potential problem areas ahead of future elections, it has been agreed that Digital Risk Assessment (DRA) will be introduced for everyone seeking to become a Lib Dem candidate.
26617	To exploit the vulnerability, the attacker would send a message to a user, or group of users.
26618	To fend off the attack the conservatives (Republicans) have moved further to the right and dug in to defend what they see as a threat to their way of life.
26619	To find out more about Shirley’s Space, visit their Facebook page.
26620	To find out more, visit https://adnoc.
26621	Togbega Akpatsa also appealed to the President to set up a special concessionary fund to help fast track completion of works on the Hohoe campus of the University of Health and Allied Sciences (UHAS).
26622	Together forever,” he said with emojis including one of a diamond ring.
26623	Together, this means the total number of excess deaths in the UK across this period now stands at 65,101.
26624	Together we can shape a new destiny for our great, vibrant, beautiful country.
26625	Together, we stand unwavering in our commitment to work towards reproductive freedom for all New Jerseyans.”
26626	To get into the Venceremos Brigade, he said, required filling out a detailed application, undergoing interviews concerning his political beliefs and three‐and‐a‐half months of twice‐a‐week indoctrination sessions.
26627	To get one Diamond award is so tough, especially now when most of the music that we listen to or buy is downloaded but to get three Diamond awards is so very special.
26628	To have a true moral reckoning in America, it must consider those who have felt the sting and pain of racism, the rejection of poverty, the rejection of being LGBTQ, the rejection of being sick without health care.
26629	To help with the clinics, the Colorado Department of Public Health & Environment sent a nurse to Teller County.
26630	To help you vote for your favorite designer, there will be live models there that will help you make your decision.
26631	To him, what I wrote was profound disrespect.
26632	To his credit, he didn’t let his bad offensive night completely derail him, stealing the ball twice and playing sound overall defense.
26633	To his surprise, the motion was a resounding success, with all parties agreeing to weigh the costs and benefits of running a pilot program.
26634	To hold the foundation straight in the frame, a beekeeper usually uses cross wires stretched from the end bars and embedded into the wax.
26635	To honour his many contributions to the country, the government of India, in the year 1984, declared his birthday as National Youth Day, and the day has been celebrated since.
26636	Toilets are being cleaned and disinfected and staff has been directed to frequently clean coaches en route and ensure that handwash doesn’t run out.
26637	To illustrate, the inspirational women empowering women challenge posted throughout the U.S. stemmed from Turkey’s domestic violence against women campaign.
26638	To judge by the response from the president and Congress to even the suggestion that Russia plans to do it all again, this new campaign of election interference is off to a wildly successful start.
26639	To keep everyone save, the City of Ekurhuleni Disaster and Emergency Management Services (DEMS) would like to share fire safety practices with the society at large to save lives and property.
26640	To keep up with an avalanche of jobless claims, Newsom on April 15 announced the Employment Development Department would open its phone lines from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. seven days a week, up from just weekday mornings.
26641	TOKYO (AP) — Tokyo Olympic President Yoshiro Mori said Monday he expects to talk with IOC President Thomas Bach this week about potential dates and other details for the rescheduled games next year.
26642	Tokyo, Hong Kong, Sydney, Mumbai, Taipei, Singapore and Manila climbed more than one percent, while Seoul and Bangkok put on more than two percent.
26643	Tokyo Marathon restricts entry over coronavirusThe organisers of the Tokyo Marathon have announced that the race will only be open to elite athletes because of coronavirus fears.
26644	“Tokyo Travel Sketchbook – Kawaii Culture, Wabi Sabi Design, Female Samurais and Other Obsessions (tuttle) by Amaia Arrazola.
26645	Told entirely through flashbacks, the audience experiences all four stories, exactly how they're seen from the perspective of their teller.
26646	To learn more about his experience, I talked with him about how his platform helps athletes overcome challenges, the importance of business and marketing in sports, and the most rewarding part about seeing his athletes thrive.
26647	To leave that city now, you've got to show you have a negative COVID test that you took no more than two days ago.
26648	To listen through the silences for a clue.
26649	To love your family and friends, do your job if you are able, pray for those in need, volunteer if you are healthy and able, do what is best for those most at risk.
26650	Tolu is a mediocre artiste (correct).
26651	To maintain the flame…
26652	“To make a reference to vicious dogs is no subtle reminder to African Americans of segregationists who let dogs out on women, children and innocent people in the south,” Bowser said.
26653	To make matters worse, space to store the huge oversupply is quickly running out.
26654	To make sure the cards it displays are relevant to you, swipe right to access Samsung Daily.
26655	To make the deal possible, SunSport reports Ighalo is prepared to take a 50% pay cut to stay at the club he adores.
26656	To make the week ahead less stressful, designate a time during the weekend when you can plan ahead for the week’s lunches.
26657	To mark the occasion during these unprecedented times of renewal, Hennessy Maison will continue the in a remarkable way, by supporting the global community through charity initiatives.
26658	“Tom Brady is the GOAT,” Henry said.
26659	Tom Courtenay gets a lovely role as the school’s headmaster and the tiny Dixie Egerickx steals scenes as Frank’s spirited friend Edie.
26660	To me, he was in infinitely cooler than “the Fonz”.
26661	To minimize delays in the Pandemic Unemployment Assistance disbursement, Atalig said the department has decided to issue paper checks via the GL Solutions system, which was contracted by the Division of Revenue and Taxation.
26662	Tomiwa, whose brand name is vibesboxtrends is a PR marketer and social media influencer.
26663	Tomorrow is your last chance to submit by 10AM PT!
26664	Tomorrow night is Kids’ Night at Jamestown Speedway.
26665	Tomorrow, President and I are hosting a virtual grassroots fundraiser.
26666	“Tomorrow will be one week since the storm hit us.
26667	Tom Thibodeau brought the Chicago Bulls to their greatest success since Michael Jordan.
26668	Tom Walsh celebrates making it 2-1 to Inverness during the Ladbrokes Championship match between Dunfermline and Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
26669	To my mind, Syrah is cheap too.
26670	Tonge has played 87 First Class matches, claiming 249 wickets for 6,679 runs with a best of seven for 58. In his lone Test for the West Indies, he picked up one wicket for 113 runs while in his five ODIs, he picked up five wickets for 224 runs.
26671	Toni added, “It seemed like a dream, a bad dream.”
26672	Tonight, he explains his hasty decision and online outrage.
26673	Tonight, he seemed to stop running when he dinged his shoulder.
26674	Tonight I'm briefing you on the latest pandemic and our response.
26675	Tonight: Impromptu journeys add dimension to your life.
26676	Tonight on AMC our favorite show airs on an all-new Sunday, March 29, 2020, episode and we have your The Walking Dead recap below.
26677	Tonight’s lineup includes an explanation from Bayley, Jeff Hardy vs. AJ Styles for the Intercontinental title, a new member in the Firefly Fun House, and more!
26678	Tonight Smokey Robinson duets with Dev Hynes and The Roches.
26679	Tonight will become increasingly cloudy with breezy to windy conditions near the coast and bay, along with a chance of spotty drizzle.
26680	Tony Kofi’s Monkathon started life as a marathon 2003 gig when the spirited blues-boppish UK saxophonist’s group played all 70 of Thelonious Monk’s known compositions over six hours on the spin.
26681	Tony O’Dell, a Charleston attorney representing families in five of the six settled cases, said he also has filed a notice of a pending wrongful death lawsuit involving veteran Charles Dean, who died at the hospital in April 2017, reported.
26682	Tony said his goal as Sheriff has been to rehabilitate the agency’s reputation, improve training and focus on performance.
26683	Tony Walsh leaves behind a 11-year-old daughter.
26684	Tony, who says their financial situation is 'mad tight,' explains on the programme he is retraining to become a mechanic and dreams of one day opening a chain of garages around Leicester.
26685	Too bad, I weep for my country.
26686	Took about 20 minutes,” said the owner, who also noted the Don’t Rush Challenge has become popular amid the pandemic.
26687	Too little can lead to sluggish performance, although smaller devices like tablets and smartphones don’t need as much as high-end gaming desktops.
26688	Too many board members do not serve the needs of the community and when they are elected become district rubber stamps.
26689	Too many Hertz for a long time.
26690	Too many Muslims have been intentionally targeted, discriminated against, separated from their families and denied opportunities solely based on their faith.
26691	Too much division,” he said during his acceptance speech on Thursday.
26692	Too much of songs in the 2nd haf is a bump.
26693	Too much screen time can be perilous for health.
26694	Too much to expect?
26695	To others, going to the movie theater is an experience that brings movie watching to the next level, and it’s hard not to miss it.
26696	To outsiders, the MLS ‘bubble’ looks a miserable place to be.
26697	To overcome these, the promenade will have a slight bend to move around the vault, creating “a more dynamic and inviting experience,” and the green space will be terraced to solve the grade-change problem.
26698	To pay for his education, he formed the Freddie Richmond Swing Band, with himself at the piano.
26699	To pay forward the support they saw in our respective Co-Op two short years ago, they’re offering 3 extra months FREE with the purchase of a 1-year sub.
26700	Top Congress leaders met at party chief ’s residence to decide the strategy to be adopted in Parliament.
26701	TOP PERFORMERS: Bryan Rust leads the Penguins with 22 goals, adding 23 assists and 45 points.
26702	Toppin is just what the Knicks desperately need: a polished scorer built for the modern NBA.
26703	To print an article from this view, tap or click the printer icon in the top menu.
26704	To protect our farming investments, we have deployed 5,000 Agro-Rangers and employed 30,289 in our para-military agencies.
26705	To provide a safe environment for shoppers, Irwin said the mall has implemented a variety of safety measures, such as installing hand sanitizer stations, frequent and intense cleaning, establishing social distancing standards and reducing mall hours.
26706	Top Times editor defends both-sides-ism: Trump is an "anomaly," but "we all have to get used to this president"
26707	To qualify, the group needs to gather nearly 98,000 signatures divided equally across the state’s four Congressional districts.
26708	TORA BORA – The 2020 spring offensive in Afghanistan has been postponed due to the coronavirus outbreak, the Afghan Taliban announced on Friday.
26709	“To reach out to people, to talk with others, with your faculty, with people around you, because that’s how you keep going,” Sosa-Riddell said.
26710	To require more in the face of the health crisis that shut down our registration effort deprives Californians of a constitutional right for no purpose — other than to entrench the existing political monopoly in our state.
26711	To respond to Wendy’s interview, NeNe hopped on Twitter.
26712	Tori Miller led the Wildcats with 13 points.
26713	TORONTO -- A missing father whose daughters were found dead one week ago in a densely wooded area southwest of Quebec City is "probably dead" unless he has moved to a new location, according to one analyst.
26714	Toronto at San Antonio 4 p.m.
26715	TORONTO – Conservative leadership contenders Derek Sloan and Leslyn Lewis sought to regain their footing in the contest Thursday by advancing both provocative and passionate arguments stemming from their social conservative roots.
26716	TORONTO — Fifteen people have tested positive for COVID-19 after attending church services in Toronto and Vaughan, Ont. Public health officials in Toronto and York Region say the exposures occurred at a pair of Miracle Arena for All Nations events.
26717	Toronto police confirmed they have received a report on this matter and an investigation is underway.
26718	Toronto Raptors star guard Kyle Lowry has a sprained left ankle the NBA champions said Monday as the team looked ahead to the Thursday start of their second-round playoff series against the Boston Celtics.
26719	Torres, a candidate for the South Bronx’s 15th Congressional District, where he’s raised the most money compared to his rivals in the race, concedes that his campaign has “come to a grinding halt.”
26720	Tory grandee John Biffen said the two women were like “wasps in a jam jar”.
26721	Tory hardliners should hold their fire against CGN.
26722	Tory said that Russell, still sharp at 90, had a clearer view of the future than many officials at the time, predicting early on in the pandemic that things would continue into 2021.
26723	To say thank you for her generosity Bill, 55, bought Kristin a bunch of flowers.
26724	To schedule an appointment, call 910-671-5000.
26725	To see why it took Russia’s hacking to improve our voting technology, we go to Texas.
26726	To self-publish is not easy, and expensive, but where there is a dream, there is a way, said Borotho.
26727	• Toshiba 50LF621U21 50-inch: Now $260, save $120.
26728	To silence the guns, we must raise the voices for peace," he said.
26729	Toss together potatoes, shallots, oil, rosemary, thyme, salt and pepper.
26730	To stimulate gross motor skills, you can encourage percussion, dancing, mural painting, or large construction projects like building tents.
26731	Total Belichick-ian approach here, I agree.
26732	Total Debt Comparisons: Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Total Debt has increased from $6.7 billion to $46.7 billion between 2016 and 2019.
26733	Totally understand the argument for keeping them closed…but I’m still sad we can’t enjoy the beach right now.
26734	Total number Henry Ford Health System patients who tested positive: 7,011.
26735	Total recoveries shot up to ₹4,088 crore in the December quarter, from ₹1,263 crore in the September quarter.
26736	To tell if a patient had this, the release explains that the blood-based test searches the patient's blood for the presence of antibodies, which are produced by the immune system in a response to an infection.
26737	To test the vaccine, the researchers divided rhesus macaques into three groups of 15: One received several inoculations of Env, a viral protein that stimulates antibody production.
26738	To that end, the company said it dedicated $120 million to providing “Responsibility Bonuses” to all production and distribution center team members.
26739	To the degree that the conservatives won that debate, we were left with the totally overdone War on Drugs and delayed struggles for racial and gender equity, marriage equality and LGBTQ rights.
26740	“To their credit, they’re trying to use the information they have to help parents make informed choices, and I value that.”
26741	To the left is a living room with a fireplace and a bay of windows overlooking the porch.
26742	To the miners in Oro, the most important 'licence' is to settle the land owners and the King of the town, while Mr Liman handles the registration and licensing.
26743	To these queries, he related that considerations are being given for the public service.
26744	To those who have lost their homes, God bless, I hope that your life will be repaired very, very soon.
26745	“To those who would suggest a pause, I would say the hunger doesn’t take a pause, the rent doesn’t take a pause,” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said during an appearance on MSNBC on May 11. “We have a big need.
26746	To track these trees, start near Raghavendra Swamy temple at the southern edge of Jayanagar.
26747	To try to thaw what has been a frosty relationship on Canada’s side, Taiwan is sending 1.1 million high-quality surgical and N95 face masks and 100,000 protective and isolation gowns to Montreal this week.
26748	Tottenham Hotspur are reportedly considering a move for out-of-favour Chelsea star Olivier Giroud who has been frozen out of Frank Lampard's squad.
26749	Tottenham Hotspur's English midfielder Dele Alli celebrates after scoring their first goal from the penalty spot during the English Premier League football match between Burnley and Tottenham at Turf Moor in Burnley, north west England on March 7, 2020.
26750	Tottenham mentioned Fintrac, Canada's national financial intelligence agency, B.C.'s Gaming Policy and Enforcement Branch, the RCMP and local law enforcement agencies that were approached by the lottery corporation.
26751	“Tottenham performance – forgetting the referee and VAR performance because I prefer not to comment – was very good.
26752	Tottenham pushed them all the way and it might have been a different story had Son Heung-min or the substitute Giovani Lo Celso not fluffed their lines when wonderfully placed in the closing stages.
26753	Tough search conditions, stay safe out there, thinking of the families at this sad time pic.
26754	Tourists from EU countries have been allowed to enter Greece from June 15. Essential travel only from Albania and North Macedonia is allowed, and there is still a travel ban on passengers from the UK and Turkey.
26755	Tourists in Skye during busier times.
26756	Towards the end of the game, Chris made a surprising appearance when he rescued Ethan Winters and provided him with a weapon to kill Evelyn.
26757	Toward that end, even as COVID-19 death rates for some groups have fallen to almost 0%, dire warnings from mainstream media about an ominous “second wave” continue to push doomsday predictions.
26758	Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 1,633 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $33,000 after purchasing an additional 1,150 shares during the period.
26759	Town officials plan to keep the water running this fall, as long as weather permits.
26760	To work around Chief Justice John Roberts' schedule, this week's impeachment sessions have been starting at 1 p.m. ET, but Saturday could be a different story.
26761	Tow teams have arrived and are assessing the best way to extract the vehicle from the water.
26762	Toyota has a relatively strong record when it comes to reliability, and the Prius continues this trend.
26763	TOY SHOP - Up to 25% off Lego, from Lego Duplo, Friends and Bionicle to name a few!
26764	Track crews have finished laying track at the 6 Street crossing and the street is again open.
26765	“Tracy challenged me, he said, ‘OK, I’ve heard enough of this, I’m going to feed you and see what you can do.’
26766	“TradeGala has created a one-stop-shop for fashion purchasing online,” said Amber Domenech Patey, e-commerce project manager at TradeGala.
26767	Traders cited that there has been a subdued demand in many markets resulting in a slow movement.
26768	Traders need to submit two documents – rent/ lease agreement and electricity bill.
26769	Trade Secretary Liz Truss is to publish a blueprint for trade talks with the United States on Monday.
26770	Traditional Ramleelas of Delhi, depicting the Ramayana stories associated with Lord Rama, are an annual affair before Dussehra festival and are hugely popular in the city.
26771	Traffic was detoured for both north and south bound lanes on Front Road for several hours.
26772	Tragically, this fast-moving, silent virus -- with no known cure -- has already taken tens of thousands of American lives and is expected to take thousands more.
26773	Trail Blazers visit Dallas on Saturday night.
26774	Trailing returns on the category (as of November 27) showed a CAGR of 8.9 per cent in one year, 7.9 per cent over three years and 7.8 per cent over five years.
26775	Tralee were down to 13 players after Mark Fitzgerald was dismissed for hauling down his marker for a penalty.
26776	‘Trans are people, too.
26777	Transferring unrealised gains will be against the BJC recommendations.
26778	Translated: “The dogma lives loudly within Biden” — or so he wants you to be believe.
26779	Translation: “Be afflicted and know those who love you.”
26780	Translation: Don’t use the test result alone to diagnose infection or disease.
26781	Translations by the WTP go through multiple steps of checking and editing to ensure quality before being sent back to the immigrant centers.
26782	TransLink has implemented several other safety measures and recommendations in its response to Phase 2 of B.C.’s pandemic reboot plan.
26783	Transmission from touching contaminated surfaces hasn’t been shown yet, though recent tests by U.S. scientists suggest it’s possible — one reason they recommend washing your hands and not touching your face.
26784	Transparency is essential to accountability, and I urge my colleagues reconsider taking up this legislation.”
26785	Transplants in humans using the approach were in the offing, he said.
26786	Transportation Security Administration (TSA) officers found 15.3 guns for every million people screened in July.
26787	Transport Minister Marc Garneau negotiated a deal that saw goods normally shipped by Canadian National Railway sent instead on its competitor Canadian Pacific's lines.
26788	TransUnion estimates about 10% of consumers are using at least one form of relief accommodation already.
26789	Transurban was so familiar with the contamination issue that when it secretly pitched the project to an incoming Victorian government in late 2014 and early 2015, it noted how well prepared its builders were to tackle the issue.
26790	Traore’s family believe three police officers piled on top of him and pinned him to the ground on his stomach after his arrest, and he asphyxiated.
26791	Travel causes familiarity.
26792	Travelers will need to prove that they are going to or from work, to see a doctor or to conduct essential administrative or legal errands in order to leave Madrid or the town where they live.
26793	Travellers can now wait in the comparative indoor luxury of the Valemount Hotel and use wifi at the hotel to query the VIA Rail app and shuffle off to the platform when the train arrives.
26794	Travellers who refuse tests could face fines of up to 25,000 euros ($41,000), but the exact amount is up to local authorities, Spahn said.
26795	Travel was a huge part of Carol’s life.
26796	Travis Delratez and co-owner Jammie Sears wanted to bring a local community sporting goods store to the heart of Cheshire and chose the vacant storefront on Church Street.
26797	Treading Water is a series from CBC British Columbia examining the impact of the affordability crisis on people in Metro Vancouver and across the province, including the creative solutions being used to make ends meet.
26798	Treasurer Tim Pallas remained defiantly upbeat this week despite data from the Bureau of Statistics national accounts showing Victoria’s economy faltered in the final months of 2019.
26799	Tree Decorators will decorate the trees at the host location on November 18-21.
26800	Tree swallows are stocky, broad-winged swallows with snow-white breasts, giving them an almost penguin-like appearance when perched with folded wings.
26801	Trek-Segafredo, Movistar Team Women, Astana Women's Team and the Italian women’s national cycling team will compete in a separate women’s team classification competition, which will be reserved for professional cyclists.
26802	Trent Cotchin and Phil Davis with the Premiership Trophy during the 2019 AFL grand final parade in Melbourne.
26803	Trenton’s Janiyah King was selected the Lady Tiger’s Player of the Game.
26804	Trey Groves homered, doubled, singled and drove in five runs to help Fostoria improve to 6-3 overall and 2-0 in the NBC.
26805	Tributes are also still pouring in from all over the world as people pay their condolences to the family of the icon widely regarded as one of the country's best-attacking players of all time.
26806	Tributes are pouring in for Sir Bobby Charlton's brother, England and Leeds icon Jack Charlton, who has died aged 85.
26807	• Trinity Irish Dance Co. performance, which was to have taken place March 29 at Bloomsburg University.
26808	Tritt has nabbed a couple of Grammy Awards along the way, too.
26809	TriumphX (TRIX) traded down 42.1% against the dollar and now trades at $3.00 or 0.00015494 BTC.
26810	TRON (TRX) traded 8.2% higher against the dollar and now trades at $0.0253 or 0.00000242 BTC.
26811	Tropical Storm Isaias lashes Florida's east coast, no longer expected to reach hurricane strengthâ€¦ https://t.
26812	Trossard connects to a cross and fires goal wards with power from around 12 yards, but Henderson gets a strong hand to it and pushes it wide.
26813	Trubisky won’t all of a sudden see the field better and have a better feel for coverages now that he has spent more than a month biding his time on the sideline.
26814	Truck- loads carrying the special assistance items left Bamenda for the Divisions soon after reception from Yaounde on December 30, 2019.
26815	Trudeau announced $125 million for that area Tuesday as well.
26816	Trudeau said this week the federal government "doesn't decide who closes down where and how fast."
26817	Trudeau spoke as the government announced today that six planes carrying Canadians stranded in Africa and Europe are to touch down today in the effort to repatriate travellers stranded by COVID-19.
26818	True, Haggis’s movie was only the second film to win best picture at the Oscars without having been nominated in either best-picture category at the Golden Globes.
26819	Truett’s Chick-fil-A Sports: Chattooga High names new football coach.
26820	Truly, this child is insidious.
26821	Trump, after days of silence about her, called her "a mess" earlier on Friday and alleged that she wrote "untruthful things."
26822	Trump again asked for another question, then said, “Nah, that’s OK” and waved off CNN’s Collins when she approached the microphone.
26823	Trump also claimed that a vaccine was potentially “weeks” away.
26824	Trump also said that other antiviral medications will be fast-tracked for FDA approval.
26825	Trump Bolsters Order Barring Investment in Chinese FirmsThe Trump administration on Monday strengthened an executive order barring U.S. investors from buying securities of alleged Chinese military-controlled.
26826	Trump came to power mirroring the grievances, anger and resentment of those who felt forgotten, Polsky said, and he remains angry, resentful and aggrieved — you could say true to himself.
26827	Trump campaign website briefly hacked (
26828	Trump declared a national emergency in 2019 after the Democrat-led House refused to give him more than $5 billion to fund the border wall, instead offering $1.4 billion to build fencing in the Rio Grande Valley Sector.
26829	Trump defended Parscale in a tweet on Thursday, writing, “Actually, he is doing a great job.
26830	Trump did not cause this suffering on his own.
26831	Trump had taken the test Friday to determine whether he has the virus and said it would take a “day or two” for the results to come back from the lab.
26832	Trump had to personally guarantee $US421 million ($595 million) in debt, a rare step that lenders only require of businesses that may not be able to repay.
26833	Trump has continuously flip-flopped on how the rest of the election should move forward, claiming he wants results known on Election Night, but promising to launch legal battles that could hold up the results.
26834	Trump has long been setting the stage for a potential challenge to mail-in ballots that are tabulated after election day, baselessly claiming that it is evidence of election fraud.
26835	“Trump has no plans, no ideas,” Biden said.
26836	Trump has often touted his deregulatory efforts as a major success of his administration.
26837	Trump has previously threatened to withhold more coronavirus relief funds from states that limit cooperation with federal immigration enforcement - a stance critics said would exploit a public health crisis to advance political goals.
26838	Trump has returned to Kenosha, where a police officer responding to a domestic dispute call shot Jacob Blake in the back at close range, setting off waves of protests, some of which turned destructive.
26839	"Trump has said that he's not a racist," Beasley says.
26840	Trump held a rally Sept. 25 in Newport News, Virginia, even though public health officials warned that it would violate Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam’s executive order generally banning gatherings of more than 250 people.
26841	Trump himself gives no sign of having a plan B and visibly intends to North Korea until the U.S. presidential elections in November.
26842	Trump himself has said he was being sarcastic when he spoke of injecting disinfectants.
26843	Trump, in his as president-elect, promised to “bind the wounds of division”.
26844	Trump in Shanksville, PA to mark 9/11 anniversaryPresident Donald Trump marked the 19th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terror attacks on Friday in Shanksville, Pennsylvania.
26845	Trump is another possible 2024 contender.
26846	Trump is indeed a kind of miracle in our time.
26847	Trump is just speaking their language.
26848	Trump is not the first sitting president in the re-election race to be barred for his job.
26849	Trump is trailing Biden in most national polls.
26850	Trump: I won in 2016, I said I would.
26851	Trump later chillingly added “our missiles are big and powerful and accurate.
26852	Trump made clear the deterioration in the relationship last month when he said he had no interest in speaking right now to President Xi Jinping, whom he has hailed as a friend, and suggesting he could even cut ties with China.
26853	Trump named Grenell as acting national intelligence director, meaning he would not have to be confirmed by the Senate.
26854	Trump never ceases to amaze me.
26855	Trump pulled out of the deal in 2018 and imposed hefty sanctions on Iran that has crippled its economy and further stoked tensions between Washington and Tehran.
26856	Trump's administration has requested $2.5 billion from Congress for emergency supplemental funds to combat COVID-19, the virus's formal name.
26857	Trump said he was taken to the White House security bunker for an “inspection” rather than for safety reasons.
26858	Trump said that his administration used every resource available in the country to combat the deadly virus.
26859	Trump’s budget also makes massive cuts to just the type of programs that offer services and limited assistance to working-class and poor people.
26860	Trump's campaign has stuttered because of the Covid-19 outbreak which has killed nearly 92,000 and infected more than 1.5 million people in the US.
26861	Trump’s campaign is promising legal challenges that could draw out results.
26862	Trump's children also took shots at some specific candidates.
26863	Trump’s claim rings hollow, as he could not demonstrate in any starker terms his indifference toward the poor and the despondent, which puts America to shame under his morally bankrupt leadership.
26864	Trump’s critics saw him as an abomination.
26865	Trump's decision to freeze military aid to Ukraine over the summer, as well his administration's back-channel efforts to contact Zelenskiy, have shaken many Ukrainians' belief in the U.S. as a steadfast ally and role model.
26866	Trump’s lagging statewide poll numbers did not help Perdue.
26867	Trump’s personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani said Thursday during a press conference that the campaign would be filing a new suit in Georgia, most likely Friday.
26868	Trump’s physician, Sean Conley, said late on Saturday that the president has made “substantial progress” since testing positive for the virus.
26869	Trump’s play for Michigan was among a series of last-ditch tactics in battleground states that his team is using to challenge his defeat.
26870	Trump’s response was to Tweet a conspiracy theorist claiming that only 9,000 people had actually died.
26871	Trump's support for Iranian protestors breaks a Twitter record, something the MSM 'will not report'
26872	Trump's threat comes as he is increasingly appealing to his core supporters as his troubled reelection campaign has fallen behind former Vice President Joe Biden in opinion polls.
26873	Trump still refuses to the concede and continues to make baseless claims about voter fraud on Twitter.
26874	Trump supporters are expected to dominate in-person voting on Election Day in some battleground states.
26875	Trump supporters, it seems, justify their willingness to overlook an awful lot of negatives in order to advance the cause of denying women the right to terminate the viability of a zygote before it develops into a human being.
26876	Trump tells governors to open churches, synagogues and mosques IMMEDIATELY and orders CDC to deem them ‘essential’
26877	Trump took aim at the press, accusing members of the media of “slandering” not only him and other Republicans, but also the military forces.
26878	Trump trying to convince his followers; no one else.
26879	Trump was for masks before he was against masks before he was for them before he was against them.
26880	Trump, who had donated to her previous campaigns, argued she was "about the most liberal person in the U.S. Senate.'
26881	Trump, who was taken to the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on Friday, released a four-minute video on Saturday in which he said the “real test” of his condition will come over the next few days.
26882	Trump will keep making noise until he leaves.
26883	Trump will win again in November.
26884	Trump wrote in a Saturday tweet, “Law Enforcement has been notified.
26885	Trunks’ fight against Cell showcases that power isn’t everything, and results in Trunks having the hope beat out of it.
26886	Trust chief executive David Probert, said: “Paul was much-loved.
26887	TRUSTe and Norton also verify this website.
26888	Trust me, you can all thank me later.
26889	Try and get the ones that are in the kit they give me in first class on the airplane.
26890	“Trying to put the fun back in the shoe business again.”
26891	Try not to stress about the food you usually buy that may not be available at this time.
26892	Try these options when you want to view iPhone or iPad content on a bigger screen.
26893	Try to build a hydro plant, or fly a commercial airplane if certain categories of thought are off limits.
26894	Tshabalala has the ambition to tell different stories and called upon the “big guys” in the entertainment industry to provide a helping hand to up-and-coming artists and open up the industry.
26895	"Tshwane's situation is not as dire as what the ANC and the MEC make it out to be.
26896	"Tua has probably had as much of an impact on our program as any player that we've ever had, and I'm not just talking about as a football player," Saban said just before Tagovailoa's announcement.
26897	Tucker asked why only Miz’s name is on the lawsuit.
26898	Tucker tossed Miz as well, but Ziggler tagged himself in.
26899	Tucsonans know what is best for our community, not the State Legislature,” she said through a spokesperson after the bill landed on Ducey's desk.
26900	Tue., November 3, 2020 11:58 a.m. Tuesday, November 3, 2020 11:58 a.m.
26901	Tuesday’s about-face represents further evidence that failure to engage in early consultation with education and community stakeholders may have scuttled the initial plan, as some principals called the process “untidy” and haphazard.
26902	Tuesday’s decision could result in more litigation, a risk that city officials say they considered before deciding not to continue making nearly $535,000 payments each month.
26903	Tuesday, the high court rejected the request by the court said justices would not take up the case earlier than its allotted order.
26904	Tuesday the university released updated numbers showing active total cases at 654. 640 of the cases are students.
26905	Tuesday will start with some lake effect rain showers mixing in with a few wet snowflakes.
26906	TULSA, Okla. — Vice President Mike Pence is set to meet with Black leaders in Tulsa ahead of a campaign rally with President Donald Trump.
26907	Tulsa’s mayor, a Republican, signed an executive order on Thursday establishing a curfew for parts of the downtown area near the rally location, saying more than 100,000 people were expected in the vicinity of the event.
26908	Tumpane was one pitch away from being the first.
26909	Tune into our WebTalks each week on Zoom and Facebook LIVE.
26910	Turber, who says he once worked for the US Air Force alleges in an interview with the the craft was created by the US military themselves.
26911	Turing was homosexual and was persecuted by the British state for “gross indecency” as a result and forced to undergo chemical castration.
26912	Turkey has a well- diversified export base, but relies heavily on energy imports.
26913	Turkey is an important strategic partner within this alliance due to its geographical location and military capabilities.
26914	Turkey’s drilling ship, Fatih, heads toward the Black Sea in this May 29, 2020, photo, with the Hagia Sophia in the background, in Istanbul.
26915	“Turkey’s growing financial and energy dependence on certain non-Western actors is worrisome and may lead to grave dangers in the years to come,” she told Arab News.
26916	Turkey's trade ministry declined to comment.
26917	Turn down the heat, cover the pan and leave to cook gently, stirring every so often, for 25-35 minutes – you want the onions to be lovely and soft before you take off the lid.
26918	Turner said on Twitter.
26919	Turn from that gorefest to Donal Ryan’s quietly moving “Physiotherapy” which details how a marriage can go wrong, but how the wrongs can be tenderly put right.
26920	Turning from classical to jazz and big band music, other regulations related to immigration arose.
26921	“Turn me half way round.”
26922	Turn on FOX50 at 10 for a look at Futurecast through July 4th.
26923	Turn on WRAL and FOX50, we'll time out those storm chances on futurecast.
26924	Turnout is down, based on Iowa — except that it might also be up, based on New Hampshire.
26925	Turns on sliding tracks are designed to because the turns can last several seconds.
26926	Turns out, Rami had been searching for a new director “whose vision could reimagine the franchise for modern audiences.”
26927	Turn the GrillGun's flame all the way up, and begin lighting the coals.
26928	Tuscaloosa Mayor Walt Maddox is hoping to start a new trend that shows appreciation for those working to combat COVID-19.
26929	Tutu is by far the most high-profile African, if not global, religious leader to support lesbian and gay rights.
26930	TV writers A.J. Marchisello and Marcus Rinehart return to chart Mega Man's adventures, along with artist Stefano Simeone () and Man of Action Entertainment.
26931	Tweeps don’t seem to buy Speedsta’s lowkey apology to Cassper, with fans urging him to stand by his word.
26932	Twelve percent of people in the U.S. have irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
26933	Twenty-five years ago this month, then Ontario premier Mike Harris slashed social assistance rates by 21.6 per cent.
26934	TWENTY-FIVE YEARS ON from Srebrenica, the UN’s failures in Syria demonstrate that it is unable to defend vulnerable populations and even unable to deliver aid.
26935	Twenty-four (24) of these have been confirmed at the laboratory as COVID-19.
26936	Twenty-four Malian soldiers were killed and 29 wounded when militants attacked a patrol in northern Mali in November.
26937	Twenty-four out of 67 people on that bus got sick.
26938	Twenty percent of patients matched to all recommended drugs, including combination therapies.
26939	Twenty seven of the countries mentioned in the report are European Union member states, and must comply with GDPR.
26940	“Twenty-two confirmed COVID-19 cases received their second NEGATIVE test results and have been discharged.
26941	Twenty years ago, then-Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle (D-S.
26942	Twice a week, she buys food for her 82-year-old mother and drops it off outside the woman's home.
26943	Twitter announced Monday, May 11, 2020, it will warn users with a label when a tweet contains disputed or misleading information about the coronavirus.
26944	Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey later issued an apology.
26945	Twitter labels video Trump tweeted as 'manipulated'
26946	Twitter removed the tweet Sunday as a false claim, but not before President Donald Trump retweeted it.
26947	Twitter said Saturday that hackers 'manipulated' some of its employees to access accounts in a high-profile attack, including those of Joe Biden and Elon Musk, and apologised profusely for the breach.
26948	Twitter says it has 'no evidence' Donald Trump's account was.
26949	Twitter users are flooding the social network with screenshots of C.J., a beaver, who discusses the skills of his “partner.”
26950	Twitter users wonder: 'How is Steve Kornacki still awake?' amid MSNBC election coverageViewers have shared a range of questions and concerns about Steve Kornacki, from wondering if he's slept to related questions about his clothes.
26951	Twitter was quick to challenge his argument, with many people pointing out out that none of those things are contagious.
26952	Two athletes said they had lost their sense of smell, so Wenger subsequently asked other athletes to do what he called “the bacon test” — to fry bacon and sniff it.
26953	Two babies were in the vicinity of the shooting, Guglielmi said earlier.
26954	Two comets are going to strike the Earth, possibly wiping out humanity in the process.
26955	Two days later the coronavirus symptoms became evident.
26956	Two drawbacks of the Genesis are its lack of room in the back seats and small, 10.5 cubic foot trunk.
26957	Two elimination games on Saturday get started with a 1:30 first pitch between the Chokio Coyotes and Clinton Cards, with the winner facing the Ortonville Rox at 4:00.
26958	Two employees are awaiting contact tracing from ADH.
26959	Two former national security advisers today urged Boris Johnson to defy Donald Trump and approve Chinese firm Huawei to help build Britain’s 5G network.
26960	Two “good Samaritans” have identified themselves to police as the mystery benefactors who left tens of thousands of pounds on the streets of a tiny pit village in the hope it would be picked up by people in need.
26961	Two good teams fighting for the second title of the season.
26962	Two GOP lawmakers also said they would not acknowledge the Democrat as a ‘legitimate president’
26963	Two Greek Nationals to Be Evacuated From Quarantined ”Diamond Princess” Cruise…
26964	Two, he believes it is possible to switch off the impermissible dark and allow light to prevail.
26965	Two hundred and forty five years later, nothing has changed.
26966	Two interceptions and a fumble did nothing but hurt an offense that struggled to play catch-up with the Thunderbirds.
26967	“Two knife wounds to the left side of her neck,” Philadelphia Police Capt. Jason Smith said.
26968	Two local bodies will have councils dominated entirely by members of Twenty20, an apolitical outfit backed by the Kitex Group, a garment manufacturing firm.
26969	Two men, one 26 years old and one 25 years old, were arrested after members of the CEE-VI Gang and Drug Task Force requested a uniformed officer come to the scene.
26970	"Two months ago, our admission rates were around 450 in all institutional facilities.
26971	Two municipal corporation officials were found positive on Sunday.
26972	Two northern Alberta highways will be closed after landslides tore through them.
26973	Two off-duty nurses performed CPR on the child and were able to revive him, according to police.
26974	Two other passengers in the SUV, Chloe Sproles, 19, of Blackfoot, and Brittany Binkley, 30, of Centralia, WA, were taken to Saint Alphonsus in Boise.
26975	Two out of the four people in the Toyota died on the spot while the other two were rushed to the hospital.
26976	Two perennially powerful GPAC programs met inside Friedrich Arena on Saturday (Nov. 14) afternoon, both seeking their first wins of the 2020-21 season.
26977	Two popular cough medicines for children are being voluntarily recalled.
26978	Two prominent conservative historians worry the FBI’s handling of the Michael Flynn case shows the bureau is operating in similar territory in the Trump era and being used for partisan political purposes instead of merely for intelligence gathering.
26979	Two residents have died due to complications from COVID-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus.
26980	T works two physically demanding shifts a day, six days per week.
26981	Two senior Conservatives have added to pressure on to seek an extension to the UK’s beyond the end of 2020.
26982	Two sources with knowledge of OWL suggested that the league’s tendency to lock down deals at the last second could be partially to blame for the hiccups.
26983	Two states, Arizona and North Carolina, have been removed from the quarantine list.
26984	Two teenagers, a 15-year-old boy and 19-year-old man, have been arrested and are being questioned by officers.
26985	Two things happened to Skype after that, though.
26986	Two things: We had a city administration and city councils that were willing to fund massive increases in compensation, and we had access to vast supplies of cash in the form of casino revenue, revenue that could have been used to rebuild the city.
26987	Two-time World Cup gold-winner Abhishek Verma agreed.
26988	Two Triangle-based children's authors won big honors Monday morning in the American Library Association's annual youth media awards, the Oscars or Grammys of children's literature.
26989	Two weeks ago, I asked him if getting the mentality right among a group of talented players was the essence of modern management.
26990	Two weeks ago, I was making sure to a little more and not touch my face.
26991	Two were absent from the session.
26992	TwowheelinTim: It's not just Oregon.
26993	Two women alleged that they were sexually assaulted when they were teenagers by Trevor Milton, the founder and former executive chairman of Nikola Motor Company.
26994	Two women have been arrested and charged in Perth after escaping hotel quarantine.
26995	Two words stuck out.
26996	Two years ago the Iraqi prime minister declared victory over ISIS, but parts of Ninewa and Anbar are still in ruins, some 1.5 million people remain displaced and families have only begun to grieve for the tens of thousands killed.
26997	Ty first started writing for HeyUGuys after SXSW in 2010.
26998	Typically, agents can be faced with multiple laborious manual tasks that prevent them from interacting with customers, leading to unnecessary frustration and increased waiting times.
26999	Typically, the more capital invested in a film, the more confident the studio is that the picture will do well.
27000	Tyson Foods, which now owns Barber Foods, is also to several other popular food brands.
27001	Tyson Fury vs Deontay Wilder LIVE REACTION: Wilder SIX-WEEK suspension, Fury returns to UK, ref ‘almost stopped fight’
27002	U all may too find and te… https://t.
27003	UAMS has the manual assay to fall back on.
27004	Uber has released a financial assistance policy to support drivers during the pandemic but with strict limitations.
27005	UBS expects markets to "refocus on the positives."
27006	UBS Group AG raised its holdings in AutoNation by 17,115.3% during the 4th quarter.
27007	UBS Group reduced their price objective on shares of Continental Resources from $45.00 to $39.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Friday, January 24th.
27008	UConn Huskies head coach Geno Auriemma wears a Kobe Bryant T-shirt under his sports coat during a February 3, 2020, game in Hartford, Connecticut.
27009	UCSD, one of the nation’s largest research universities, attacked the problem early, developing a major student testing program last spring.
27010	Uddhav Thackeray takes veiled dig at Yogi Adityanath's ‘Mission Bollywood’CM Uddhav Thackeray took a veiled dig at his Uttar Pradesh counterpart Yogi Adityanath on Tuesday, saying “no one can come to Maharashtra and take away.
27011	UDOT was particularly critical of the measure, claiming that its passage would lead to lawsuits and expensive delays in road projects.
27012	Uduaghan met with Governor Ifeanyi Okoya two weeks ago to fine-tune plans to return to the PDP, his former base.
27013	UEC was the first company with foreign-ownership to have an interest in a Russian uranium enrichment facility.
27014	U.F.C. 249, a mixed-martial arts showcase scheduled for April 18 on Native American tribal land in California, was canceled on Thursday in response to apprehension about holding the event during the coronavirus pandemic.
27015	U.K. electronic indie-pop band Metronomy shared a new music video on Friday for their song “Whitsand Bay.”
27016	UK end of life care, in parts, is exceptional.
27017	UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson declared the movement to facilitate lockdown principles in England on Thursday, following a few days dominated by the controversy surrounding the alleged violation of regulations by his leading advisor.
27018	Ukraine currently has no procedure to move a case from a trial where the accused are physically present, to a trial without parties present.
27019	Ultimately called "Swan Thong," the episode had a number of trash, dump, and museum riffs, as well as plenty of wordplay about fate, as the primary antagonists of this season are Atropos and Lachesis, two of the three Fates of Greek mythology.
27020	Ultimately, each player will need to decide how they feel about this debacle for themselves, but Mediatonic will be the one to decide how handles crowns moving forward.
27021	Ultimately he volunteered to help the suffering in the city, and died himself.
27022	Ultimately, Ian never gets that time with his father he was so desperate for.
27023	Ultimately it will be a place to come together, especially for families.
27024	Ultimately, the local refusal to follow federal consensus has serious consequences.
27025	Ultimately, this moment in time helped leaders to see what’s working and what’s not.
27026	Ultimately, though, it will come down to coaching, game planning and play calling.
27027	Ultimately tracking temperature change is extremely useful in helping these animals determine precisely where to bite us because blood vessels are the warmest spot on our skin.
27028	Ultimately, we intend to develop something that is truly Asian in character but global in application.”
27029	Ultimately, WeWork came back to Cox with a counter-offer: If he committed to a 12-month contract he would receive two months free.
27030	Ultra-talented but equally humble, her goal is to change people’s lives through art.
27031	Ultron's approach to things has made him very dangerous over the years.
27032	Umahi however noted that the family members that she came back with all tested negative.
27033	Umar said with the coming of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act (ACJA), their work became enormous while their remuneration remained nothing to write home about.
27034	UMD needs to start letting pucks fly more from the point.
27035	Umkomaas residents are becoming increasingly frustrated at the state of their town, and particularly the beach, which they feel is being neglected.
27036	Um, so it has a kind of a big blow to us.
27037	Unable to let go of his unending pursuit of power, he dissipates, leaving fragments of the Key to flutter away like butterflies through Ilpyo's fingers.
27038	Unable to swim, he spent 25 minutes underwater after falling into the river whilst paddling with friends.
27039	Unassailably, T-cells are critical to produce long-lasting memory antibodies against coronaviruses and other pathogenic bacteria and viruses.
27040	Unattended cooking causes house fire: Saskatoon fire dept.
27041	Unbelievable and certainly unacceptable that there are 9 million cases and more than 250,000 deaths.
27042	Under a Biden presidency, these events will happen less often.
27043	Under Bill 204, the rent freeze means that RGI would not increase in 2021 as household income increased.
27044	Under Hawaii’s new rules, all beaches are closed.
27045	Under Neil McCann the previous campaign, Dundee were held at home by Inverness – yep, you guessed it, Aaron Doran scored that day, too – before Scott Allan saw ICT off in the Highlands with a fine goal before he departed.
27046	Under PM Abiy Ahmad, fellow Oromos are controlling the rein of power; they head most of the key Federal Posts and are in the process of controlling the country’s economy; and yet the ultra-Oromo Nationalists are far from being satisfied.
27047	“Under section 28, the penalty for failure to give notice of change of address or permanent cessation of business was increased from N5,000 to N 50,000 in the first month and N25,000 in subsequent months.
27048	Understanding this gives us one more reason to vote.
27049	Under Success’ Remote 2.0 program, students will get at least five hours a day of live instruction and be taught by the same teacher each day.
27050	Under the agreement, a Project Management Unit (PMU) will be deployed by SIDBI with the Government of Maharashtra, SIDBI said in a statement.
27051	Under the agreement, the group faces the same quarantine restrictions as other returned travellers, including random police checks and just one hour a day outside their rooms.
27052	Under the deal, all U.S. troops would withdraw from Afghanistan in 14 months if the Taliban meet their commitments.
27053	Under the Granger administration, testing was fairly restricted and consequently numbers were low.
27054	Under the headline "who are EU?", its opinion column describes the move as "desperate and futile".
27055	Under the hood, the Infinix Zero 8i has an octa-core MediaTek Helio G90T SoC, coupled with 8GB of RAM.
27056	Under the scheme, the compliance risk loadings will not be waived but they will be deferred and be itemised as part of annual liquor licence fees for 2021-22.
27057	Under the second stage from October 18, the number of umrah pilgrims will be increased to 15,000 per day, with a maximum of 40,000 people, including pilgrims and other worshippers, allowed to perform prayers at the mosque.
27058	Under the trading name of BlackBerry Mobile, TCL would produce the BlackBerry KeyOne in 2017 and follow it up with the BlackBerry Key2 and a lower-cost BlackBerry Key2 LE.
27059	Under the White Houses’ plan, Phase one recommends strict social distancing for all people in public.
27060	Under this proposal, restaurants that are currently banned from hosting customers indoors would be able to apply to have 25% capacity indoors.
27061	Undertook other new construction for the new fire department, an administrative building and electrical generators to serve as back-up generators at the substations.
27062	Under U.S. law, you're entitled to a free annual credit report from each of the big three credit agencies (Equifax, Experian and TransUnion).
27063	Under what other circs would you don vintage knickers and a string vest?
27064	Undeterred, in 2012 they relaunched as GRM Daily (the “GRM” signalling a slightly wider scope) and they eventually returned to prominence, buoyed by the “second wave” of grime in the mid-2010s.
27065	Undoubtedly one of the best places to visit while in South Africa, Cape Town offers travellers and tourists with romantic bones in their bodies expansive views of the Table Mountain.
27066	Unfortuantely, even as they are lauded for their determined efforts to keep the virus at bay, many essential service personnel too have been affected.
27067	Unfortunately, at this juncture, it has become quite apparent that this is the case.
27068	Unfortunately, because the Dreamstone was created by the God of Lies, this power is in fact a trap; every wish granted has a catch.
27069	Unfortunately, Brown had gotten engaged to him before she learned what Wyatt had done.
27070	Unfortunately, even if you own newer Sonos products like the Sonos One or Sonos Beam, as long as they are grouped with the older gear under the same Sonos system, they will be affected too.
27071	Unfortunately for JAMB, it would be at the receiving end of the scathing criticisms that would have followed.
27072	Unfortunately for the Ensign, this update requires multiple system reboots.
27073	Unfortunately, I don’t have the space to dive too deep into this one.
27074	Unfortunately, I have to care about their actions in an attempt to mitigate the negative affects on my life.
27075	"Unfortunately last night we had to evacuate several other areas of town so we have a lot more people who have been displaced now and so our hotels are all full," Fullerton said.
27076	Unfortunately, L-Star doesn’t accept barrel mods, so there’s absolutely no chance you could hide its muzzle flash.
27077	"Unfortunately, politics these days is like a mixed-martial arts event," said Ralston.
27078	Unfortunately, rural Indiana, including District 13, has not received sufficient funds to provide this opportunity.
27079	Unfortunately, Seabolt wasn’t able to get the upper hand against North Hall’s Hunter Adams in the third place match and fell to Adams in a closely contested match by a final score of 3-1.
27080	Unfortunately some of the non-food and drink oriented merchants did not necessarily benefit from it and in some cases could not survive.
27081	Unfortunately, this gambit fails because Melmetal is too slow to land an attack.
27082	Unfortunately to a great extent, is what Wednesday nightâ€™s incident in Athagarh hints at.
27083	“Unfortunately we have not seen full compliance.
27084	UNICEF’s Syria 9 noted that since 2014, some 2.6 million children have been displaced within Syria, with some 2.5 million registered as refugees in neighboring countries.
27085	UniCredit said these productivity bonuses will increase 10% year on year.
27086	Unidentified men, who kidnapped a teenager on Friday around Area 52 in Ho, made a U-turn by returning their ‘catch’ when a voice rejected the boy’s offer for a girl’s preference.
27087	UNIDENTIFIED NARRATOR: He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the Union.
27088	Uninterested in the conversations he was having in the MSB, however, Brown said he began searching for alternative options that provided more provocative dialogue.
27089	Union cavalry soon arrived.
27090	Union Minister Arjun Munda Saturday beat BVP Rao to the post of president of the Archery Association of India (AAI).
27091	Unions block back to work: Britain's biggest unions are.
27092	Unions for journalists, rights bodies and bar councils said a censorship campaign is underway to silence dissent since the military-backed government of Imran Khan took over in 2018.
27093	Uniquely backward tilted side speakers beaming sound waves towards curved acoustic reflector units, creating an even wider soundstage than mainstream digital signal processing.
27094	United Airlines officials maintained that both of the test options fall under the state’s criteria.
27095	United and American announced plans Wednesday to furlough a combined 32,000 employees.
27096	United have a ready-made replacement in Mauricio Pochettino.
27097	United have drawn up a list of alternative targets should a deal not go through.
27098	UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United Nations forecast Wednesday that the COVID-19 pandemic will shrink the world economy by 3.2% this year, the sharpest contraction since the Great Depression in the 1930s.
27099	UNITED NATIONS, CMC – Jamaica’s Prime Minister Bruce Golding has warned that the world is in danger of failing to meet targets set at the Millennium Development…
27100	United Properties’ Brandon Champeau is now the marketing leader for development.
27101	United Sikhs, the organisation that has spearheaded the demand for inclusion as a separate ethnic group, called the decision “historic”.
27102	United States Army – when you need to Break things and Kill people.
27103	"United Way Fox Cities is honored to receive the $100,000 gift from Integrity (and the Grange Insurance Gives Foundation) to address the emerging needs created by the COVID-19 pandemic," said United Way Fox Cities President & CEO Peter Kelly.
27104	United were able to get a consolation goal and were much better after the break but that was really down to City players treating the game as though it was done, which it was.
27105	United were able to stifle Klopp’s side, using the large playing surface at Old Trafford to get in behind the visitors with the pace of Daniel James, Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford.
27106	Unit-holders who do not exercise the exit option on or before the said date are deemed to have consented to the proposed modification.
27107	Units are wheelchair-accessible and there will be a multipurpose area with a communal kitchen, dining area and living room built into the compound.
27108	Unity, Achdus, is an important concept in Judaism and it is very clear that we as a community and especially as a nation have lot of work to do in this area that will probably not be solved in one Presidency.
27109	Universal Logistics (NASDAQ:ULH) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, October 29th.
27110	Universal Pictures has optioned the rights to the ’70s TV series “Kung Fu” and will develop it as a feature film remake.
27111	University student Rukia, who asked that her last name not be identified, said she had been "singing and dancing all day" in anticipation at being able to leave the home she shares with 11 other family members.
27112	Unknown to many, a sober Duterte had met with Consunji and representatives of their Davao City condo owners in Malacanang on January 6, where he asked him to immediately attend to the concerns of his clients and give them a “better offer.”
27113	“Unless doctors are looking out for it, the patient appears quite normal in many ways until the terminal event of cardiac failure occurs,” Dr Kumar said.
27114	Unless your the Rock.
27115	Unless you trade the market with your idle money it will be tough to make some big profit.
27116	Unlike a normal teenager, Sabrina was faced with the internal conflict of leaving her typical life behind to pledge her loyalty to the Dark Lord during a dark baptism.
27117	Unlike earlier government-ordered temporary shutdowns, White said, “the December 31st closure is more permanent.”
27118	Unlike low-cost software start-ups, these private companies frequently took on old-line competitors by spending heavily on physical assets and workers while losing money.
27119	Unlike other affected countries, although the novel pandemic has not caused many deaths it is already bringing the economy to its knees.
27120	Unlike other months, there are no new fish species coming ponds.
27121	Unlike other well-paid professions in Britain, black men are well represented among the playing staff in English football.
27122	Unlike our ‘normal life’ where I’d be alone for this part of the day, my wonderful partner Sarah is already downstairs and working from home, trying to manage her castles as best as she can.
27123	“Unlike previous years, the growth of collaborative applications — including conferencing — enabled multiple market leaders,” Kurtzman said.
27124	Unlike Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT), Griffith and his colleagues do not envision government picking up the bulk of the tab for the energy transition.
27125	“Unlike the blanket quarantine policy which has been hugely damaging to our aviation, tourism and hospitality industries, air bridges will allow travel between low-risk countries and protect the public from high-risk arrivals.”
27126	Unlike their neighbours they have kept their distance from the Catalan independence movement, but Espanyol has a squad with a strong local core.
27127	'Unlike the surrounding properties, which have all been built during the past 30 years or so, this building is disproportionately large given the plot of land it occupies.
27128	Unmoored from their mission, they wait.
27129	U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres hailed the cease-fire as a "critical step," but said at a press conference at U.N. headquarters in New York that "there is much hard work ahead."
27130	'UN Security Council must act'
27131	Unstable weather conditions in the region north of Quebec City over the past two weeks have made search operations difficult.
27132	Until 2019, Davis County Attorney Troy Rawlings wouldn’t have had the option to enhance the felony-level charges as a hate crime.
27133	Until all retail reopens on November 2, businesses such as Bob Stewart are relying on click-and-collect.
27134	Until further notice, our Brooklyn and Yonkers locations are closed.
27135	“Until now, 15 donors have donated at least four times and, in some cases, up to nine times.”
27136	Until now, he’s almost always said no.
27137	Until regular crowds resume, online shopping remains a major source of sales for many Victorian retailers, businesses and producers with virtual marketplace, BuyAustralia, doing its bit to encourage Australians to buy local.
27138	Until the blustery scenario we now are in improves, the best we can do is stay safe, stay positive -- easier said than done, I know -- and take whatever steps are necessary to ensure this bumpy ride is as short as possible.
27139	Until the law took effect at 11 p.m. Hong Kong time on June 30, no text of the law had been disclosed.
27140	Until then, astronauts Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley have headed back to quarantine.
27141	Until then, he had no clue about this film, directed by his grandson Jain J Abraham, where he plays the central character.
27142	Until then, he is waiting to see what growing pawpaws will teach them.
27143	“Until there is genuine accountability for those responsible for crimes under international law, there is little hope for improvement in the lives of the Rohingya and other ethnic minorities in Rakhine, Kachin and northern Shan States.
27144	“Until there’s a vaccine, or some cocktail preventing people from dying from the virus, we are going to be dealing with this collectively,” Silver told the players, according to Wojnarowski.
27145	Until this work is finalised it is difficult to provide meaningful yearly projections beyond 2020.
27146	UNUS SED LEO (LEO) traded up 1.2% against the dollar and now trades at $0.83 or 0.00011864 BTC.
27147	Unusual contents are the ones which are working.
27148	Unwanted pests should be prevented and eliminated by hiring a licensed pest control technician.
27149	Unwillingly he takes his smart phone to his daughter.
27150	Updated April 10, 2020Atlantic Technology FS-280 Atlantic Technology is widely respected for delivering value in home theater audio, but its first foray into audiophile headphone design left us wanting more.
27151	Updated on September 11: Every month, Netflix removes several movies from its streaming service, meaning that you don’t know from one month to the next what movies will no longer be available to stream.
27152	Updated plumbing and the roof was replaced in the last few years.
27153	UPDATE (Nov. 6, 7:35 a.m.): Lisa Davis has pulled ahead in the Capistrano Unified School District (CUSD) Board of Trustees Area 3 race by a tight margin.
27154	Update: The Bureau of Prisons clarified on Thursday that the two staff members are presumed positive for COVID-19, meaning test results are not back yet but they are believed to have the virus based on other variables.
27155	Up front, Luis Suarez is 33 and past his inspirational () force days, and Antoine Griezmann has been a misfit since his arrival.
27156	Upon expiration, SII will retain a “fully-paid, non-exclusive licence” that will allow it to continue with its manufacturing and commercialisation rights on a country-by-country basis in its licensed territory.
27157	Upon graduation, Frank Hackett, then sheriff for Kennebec County, offered him a position as a patrol deputy and sponsored his attendance at the Maine Police Academy, where he was awarded both the Firearms and Professionalism Awards.
27158	Upon his return from loan, Alonso established himself as a regular in the first team, amassing 70 appearances, scoring four league goals.
27159	"Upon inspection, it was found that 38 were dead on arrival," a spokesperson wrote in a statement.
27160	Upon marriage Anne and Al moved to Spencerport, NY.
27161	Upon receiving the ball from the referee, he instead just walked right into play, which, you obviously can’t do.
27162	Upon their return to the country, they will be directed to quarantine centers, to preserve their health and that of citizens,” concluded the press release.
27163	Up to 100million of those are set to be manufactured at the company's facilities in Livingston, near Edinburgh.
27164	Up to 300 homes were affected and streets left under around a metre of water.
27165	Up to a dozen 18- to 24-year-olds are interested in participating in the program if more hosts step up, Bowers said.
27166	Up to a third of clothes donated in the United States - the world's biggest exporter of used clothing - ends up for sale in markets in the developing world.
27167	Upto press time, investigators were trying to determine the name, age and address of the deceased while the injured man has been identified as Vivian La Cruz, a miner of St. Ignatius, Lethem.
27168	Urban said on Thursday that he grew up listening to country music in Australia due to his dad who took him to see Cash when he was 5-years-old.
27169	USAA, Navy Federal Credit Union and Pentagon Federal Credit Union members are also eligible for the promotion.
27170	USA Gymnastics has suspended former U.S. Olympic team coach Maggie Haney for eight years for verbally and emotionally abusing gymnasts she oversaw, the Washington Post reported on Wednesday.
27171	U.S. concerns also focused on Beijing’s growing military might.
27172	U.S. COVID-19 deaths are up to about 1,000 a day, also, and hospitalizations hit new highs in 13 states on Wednesday.
27173	USDA announced a sale of 30,000 MT of soybean oil to Egypt Thursday morning.
27174	USD/JPY is recently attempting to break its medium-term trading range, but evidently failing.
27175	Use one word for describe this car.
27176	Users are not guaranteed to stick, and teachers have yet to embrace the online platforms as long-term supplements to physical classes.
27177	Users of new SIM cards should only get marketing messages from their mobile operator, South African networks told MyBroadband.
27178	Use your parts on these weapon upgrades.
27179	U.S. first lady Melania Trump meets with teens to discuss the dangers of youth vaping at the White House on October 09, 2019 in Washington, DC.
27180	U.S. government officials have warned that advanced persistent threat actors (APTs) are now leveraging Microsoft’s severe privilege-escalation flaw, dubbed “Zerologon,” to target elections support systems.
27181	U.S. health officials with the CDC are a little more forgiving.
27182	Using a baby gate, large cooler, or boxes to prevent them from going into certain rooms.
27183	Using an analogy borrowed from Virginia Tech professor Linsey Marr, Morris says that exposure to virus particles is similar to exposure to cigarette smoke.
27184	Using an electric whisk, beat the butter and sugar until creamy, light and fluffy.
27185	Using an iPhone 5, it found probe-style devices successfully identified hypoxia patients, though 25% were incorrectly classified.
27186	Using cutting-edge techniques to image the brain, Tibbo will also be monitoring if people within the healthy sample group have unusual experiences, or psychotic-like symptoms, after smoking cannabis.
27187	Using data for 84 countries with reliable testing data — spanning 4.75 billion people — the researchers developed a dynamic epidemiological model.
27188	Using nine cameras — same as “Hamilton,” though to infinitely less fluid results — the show was videotaped in a Seattle theater, deploying a live-editing process touted as Theatrovision.
27189	"Using preventive diplomacy at all levels is of utmost importance for avoiding the escalation into violent conflict.
27190	Using similar estimates, Robin Thompson at the University of Oxford predicts there is a one-in-three chance that a person who brings the virus to the UK will pass it on to others in the country.
27191	Using simulations across a range of temperature and relative humidity conditions, the authors asked: Would full CAM or alternative water-saving methods be more productive in settings where C3 crops typically are grown?
27192	Using their stage of choice, players can take group photos using Portrait Mode and capture battle photos with Action Scene Mode.
27193	US intelligence warned of the new disease last November.
27194	U.S. officials accused Iran on Wednesday of being behind a flurry of emails sent to Democratic voters in multiple battleground states that appeared to be aimed at intimidating them into voting for President Donald Trump.
27195	U.S. President Donald 's pause in holding coronavirus briefings only lasted the weekend as he took center stage in the Rose Garden on Monday to promote what he called a major expansion in testing for the virus.
27196	US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive to speak to members of the US military during an unannounced trip to Al Asad Air Base in Iraq in 2018.
27197	US President Donald Trump, centre, Serbia President Aleksandar Vucic, left, and Kosovo's PM Avdullah Hoti applaud following the signing ceremony in the Oval Office.
27198	US President Donald Trump signs four Executive Orders to Lower prescription drug prices.
27199	U.S. President Donald Trump was impeached by the House of Representatives on December 18 for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress.
27200	US President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris extended wishes to people on the occasion of Diwali and said that hopefully next year the festival will be celebrated at the White House in person.
27201	US reports first coronavirus death as Trump says additional virus cases 'likely'
27202	US Secretary of State Michael R. Pompeo, in a statement Thursday announced the public designation due to Wonplo's involvement in significant corruption.
27203	U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced sanctions Wednesday against the chief prosecutor of the court, based in The Hague, and a top aide, for investigations into the United States and its allies.
27204	US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, when asked if retaliation against US citizens should be expected, said: “It may be that there’s a little noise here in the interim.”
27205	US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who is attending the talks’ opening ceremony, said they represented a “truly historic” opportunity.
27206	US Senator Martha McSally (R) (R-AZ) speaks next to US President Donald Trump at a Keep America Great Rally in Phoenix, AZ, on February 19, 2020.
27207	US Senator Mitt Romney (R-UT) speaks with reporters after a hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC on October 22, 2019.
27208	U.S. stock index futures edged higher early Wednesday, shaking off a slight overnight dip after Tuesday's selloff.
27209	US stocks are fresh off their latest surge as vaccine progress emboldens risk-takers that have long been eager for signs of economic reopening.
27210	U.S. Supreme Court deliver New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo a much-deserved smackdown over his attempt to shut down religious services under the guise of public health.
27211	“Usually drugs are supplied through essential service vehicles.
27212	“Usually, it’s just depressing.
27213	Usually referred to as "Zik," Mr Azikiwe was born in Zungeru, Northern Nigeria in 1905 and died in May 1996, aged 91.
27214	U.S. unemployment rate jumps to 14.7%, worst since Great DepressionA record 20.5 million Americans lost jobs in April, according to an unemployment report released by the Labor Department Friday.
27215	Utah has managed 57.7 points and given up 61.7 over its last three.
27216	Utahns will choose 29 Democratic delegates on Tuesday.
27217	Utah travels to Colorado on Dec. 11; Oregon State hosts Stanford on Dec. 12.
27218	Utica argued that Fireman’s Fund was obligated to honor its settlement with Goulds because its reinsurance contract contained a “follow-the-settlements” clause that required it to accept Utica’s interpretation of the umbrella policies.
27219	Utilizing just 30 percent of your available credit will earn you a gold star."
27220	Uttar Pradesh authorities have denied any responsibility for the deaths.
27221	Vaccinations are underway at Shaker Place Nursing Home, with Walgreens delivering 320 vaccines to Shaker Place Monday morning.
27222	“Vaccines do not equal zero COVID,” said WHO emergencies director Michael Ryan, adding that not everyone will be able to receive it early next year.
27223	Vadda’s arrival follows the exit last March of Paolo Torello-Viera, who was appointed ceo in August 2018, a month after London-based fund Njord Partners acquired 80 percent of the Biella, Italy-based textile firm.
27224	VAL D'ISERE, France — Sofia Goggia had a gutsy run to win a women’s World Cup downhill on Saturday for her first victory in the discipline in almost two years.
27225	Valid for a discussion that branched off into current observations about experiences in the United States.
27226	Valmar Soho was to top the table with Bavaria Blue Stars coming in second, Gibyellow third and Lincoln Bayside in fourth place.
27227	Value is surely critical for consumers at a time like this.
27228	Vancouver-based LNG Studios usually works with the real estate industry producing 3D architectural renderings, but CEO Leon Ng says they're now using their 3D printers to make medical face shields.
27229	“Vandals don’t think of the impact this has on people.
27230	Vanessa Bryant, 37, has made few public appearances since the crash that killed her husband, daughter and seven others and said in the social media post that she had been ‘reluctant’ to put her feelings into words.
27231	“Vanessa felt sick when she heard the news and reached out immediately,” says the unknown insider.
27232	Vanguard Group Inc. lifted its position in shares of Brooks Automation by 5.2% during the 2nd quarter.
27233	Vanguard however has been keeping track of the traffic situation where tankers now compete for space with container trucks and, okada riders.
27234	Vanguard served with the Grand Fleet for most of the war, surviving Jutland and several other less consequential actions.
27235	VanMeter and Livingston rushed for 72 yards each to lead Paoli.
27236	Vanya and Sissy went their separate ways, but there is a chance they could still cross paths in the future.
27237	Varda Epstein: Tell us about the conference.
27238	Varina District School Board member Alicia Atkins will host a virtual coffee and conversation meeting tonight at 6 p.m. for constituents.
27239	Various taxable accounts represent important components to a comprehensive plan that leads to a comfortable retirement.
27240	VCU Athletics' SAAC is holding voter registration drives before Election Day.
27241	VCU has a tough turnaround task with a road test against Dayton looming.
27242	Veals said, clearly alarmed.
27243	Vegas’ family said it is not all adding up.
27244	Vegas Golden Knights left wing Max Pacioretty (67) celebrates with teammates after scoring a first period goal during their NHL hockey game with the Carolina Hurricanes on Saturday, Feb. 8, 2020, at T-Mobile Arena, in Las Vegas.
27245	Vegas is the worst of the USA wrapped into one fat, sweaty, sweatpants and camo-hat wearing, cigarette-smoking pile of inbred stupidity.
27246	Vehicles in the town’s fleet also won’t be replaced next year to save money.
27247	Vendors using tables, he said, will be stationed in and around the Public Market Complex and they too will be required to observe the established protocols.
27248	Vendors will be provided temporary sheds of 4.5×2.5 metres within the parks and will be allotted a fixed time in the morning and evening for running the business.
27249	Venerate overtook filly Donna Soprano in the deep stretch to capture the inaugural $1.32 million Mohawk Million on Saturday night.
27250	Vent as much as you want.
27251	Ventura County reported 12 new cases Monday, bringing its totals to 678 cases and 19 deaths.
27252	Ventura not only connects with American students very well, but she also empathizes with international students who also left home in search of better opportunities.
27253	Venues for health services may change as providers try to manage and centralise in a bid to maintain services.
27254	Venue staff will also be wearing masks.
27255	Veronica Velasquez, a Fil-Am physical therapist at a Los Angeles community hospital, was getting ready for work early Thursday morning when she found out about the news.
27256	“Very average,” said Greyhounds forward Cole MacKay when asked how his team played.
27257	Very bad indeed.
27258	Very good story.
27259	Very likely, it had been used earlier for this purpose by unclad young men.
27260	Very little seems important enough in the face of so much suffering and death.
27261	"Very strong winds blowing towards the house.
27262	Veteran defenceman Kevin Shattenkirk is in his first season with the Lightning and is loving everything about hockey in Tampa.
27263	Veteran journeyman Brian Hoyer is the only other quarterback on the roster.
27264	Veterans Administration officials, including at the hospitals said to have run out of PPE, called the IG report inaccurate.
27265	Veterans homes are owned operated by the states, but the VA pays for veterans to receive care in them and inspects them each year to ensure they are up to the agency's standards.
27266	Vettel says the strategy ‘didn’t make any sense” (
27267	VFI Chief Executive, Padraig Cribben says pubs owners over 66 get nothing from the State and are paying bills out of their pension.
27268	Viacom18-owned Voot has landed on a name and logo for its subscription-based offering, as it finally plans to branch out of its ad-supported days as a streaming service.
27269	VIA Rail’s website says passenger trains aren’t running between Toronto and Montreal, or Toronto and Ottawa, due to “the protesters currently blocking tracks.”
27270	Vice in 2017 that he owns two private jets.
27271	Vice President Mike Pence treated Senator Kamala Harris as an equal in the VP debate on October 7. Indeed, according to CNN, Harris spoke for 38 minutes and 48 seconds compared to Pence’s 35 minutes and 22 seconds.
27272	Vic Fangio likes him.
27273	Vicinity Centres RE Ltd. published this content on and is solely responsible for the information contained therein.
27274	Vicki Sibbett said special thanks were extended to the McDaniel family, the White Family, Ron Taylor at Lu Mil and Dublin Boy Scout Troop 622, and all their supporters.
27275	Vicky P. received this episode’s one-on-one date, which was a huge moment for her, especially being the first date after the previous night’s drama.
27276	Vicky spoke of Kylie’s comeback tour following treatment and told how at the time of the exhibit, there was 'such an emotion' about the star regaining her health and stepping back into the spotlight.
27277	Victim advocates and legal experts say the true scope of the problem had previously been limited to national statistics, citing a lack of funding in this field for research.
27278	Victim of Quebec City Halloween sword attack describes her ordeal: 'He came out of nowhere'
27279	Victims are often targeted as they're coming out of tube stations and other transport hubs where they're more vulnerable to attacks.
27280	Victoria Gold president John McConnell said some employees broke self-isolation rules while unsupervised in Whitehorse.
27281	Victoria has recorded another 'doughnut' day of zero COVID-19 cases today after one initial positive case was cleared as a false positive.
27282	Victoria is presenting itself as a beacon of hope for Tasmanian trainers as racing in the island state remains under a government-enforced shutdown.
27283	Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews wears a face mask as he walks into the daily government briefing on Sunday.
27284	Victoria Police are "working hard" to find the woman who appeared to refused to tell police where she was going at a Melbourne vehicle checkpoint.
27285	Victor Navarro Remesal Yes, you can indeed write a perfect series finale that lives up to and honours its show.
27286	Victor Skrebneski, whose striking photographs of celebrities and models including Cindy Crawford, were a fixture of advertising campaigns and gallery shows for more than a half-century, died on April 4 in Chicago.
27287	Victory Capital Management Inc. grew its holdings in shares of GoPro by 39.6% in the 4th quarter.
27288	Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 16,935 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $698,000 after buying an additional 285 shares during the last quarter.
27289	Video and images cannot be doctored in any way!
27290	Video: Bloom South Korean company roll out 2 fuel…
27291	“Video calling provision had only recently been rolled out in both sites, which women appreciated.”
27292	Video game consoles were once measured by “bits” until the arrived as the first “64-bit” console, demonstrating the foolishness of focusing on a single metric when total system performance was more important.
27293	Video Game Industry Hits Reset in 2020 »
27294	Video games are seen for sale in a CeX store.
27295	Video shows a man and a woman standing on the roof of a two-storey house before they take a running jump into the pool as partygoers below seem oblivious.
27296	Video shows members of the New York/New Jersey Regional Fugitive Task Force descend upon 172 Crosby Street in NoHo just before 9 a.m. Friday, rushing to arrest Haspil.
27297	Videos such as these are perfectly legal to shoot in the city, as long as any drones weighing over 55 pounds are properly registered.
27298	Video surveillance cameras picked up the faces of three suspects in the Mercedes and three others in the BMW, and all were considered to be in a group, along with a seventh suspect who was not in the cars.
27299	Vidyut has kicked off his chat show “X-Rayed By Vidyut” to shed light on the lives of martial artistes and fighters.
27300	Vietnam is now reporting 121 positive cases, including many foreigners who have travelled to the country.
27301	Viewers are left in tears as widow, 68, falls for her.
27302	Viewers felt only terrible people wouldn't mind posing as the witch who was responsible for countless innocent deaths.
27303	Viewing hours are 5 to 10 p.m. daily through Sunday and admission is free.
27304	Vigil, whose last paycheck totaled $500 for two weeks of work, said her pay does not exceed the limit, but that she has still been denied benefits again and again.
27305	Vikings and other mariners figured this out at great costs to lives and ships, which indicates how important Transatlantic travel must have figured into their cultures at points in their history.
27306	Villagers of Orealla, a Berbice Indigenous village about three dozen miles from Crabwood Creek, are appealing for assistance with restrictions on the Corentyne River affecting food supplies.
27307	Villanueva and the deputy's union face a different political balancing than Moore, who is appointed by the mayor's police commission.
27308	Villaseñor said some families who opt for cremation still have the body embalmed and dressed – work typically done only for an open-casket service – so they can see their loved ones.
27309	Vilsack said the USDEC is providing outreach to the Mexican government to make sure product is allowed to flow across the border to Mexico during the coronavirus pandemic.
27310	Vincent added: “GCHQ and all governmental bodies must behave transparently and be open to public scrutiny in line with the UK’s commitment to freedom of information.
27311	Vine Changed the Internet Forever.
27312	Vin may not be in the booth anymore, he’s at home taking the coronavirus seriously like the rest of us, but his voice is still there for us.
27313	VINTERBERG: Get used to it.
27314	Violence and rioting has impacted about 180 countries throughout our history, according to some research studies.
27315	Violent crime thrives when there are no intervention measures, low educational standards, stringent police measures are in place, and programs to stimulate and support families with a child’s developmental stages.
27316	Viral video ask: is it ever OK to recline on an airplane?
27317	Virgil was born January 9, 1959 in Washington, DC to the late Virgil James Pendry Sr. and Grace (Sullivan) Pendry.
27318	Virginia Allen: I am so pleased to welcome to the show Charles Fain Lehman, a journalist at The Washington Free Beacon and an adjunct fellow at the Manhattan Institute.
27319	Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring, a Democrat, also has a racist past.
27320	Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said in an interview that foreign adversaries “never stopped trying to interfere with our election process.”
27321	Virtual care has opened additional pathways for employees to access care, especially for low-income employees, who are more than 40% more likely to say they got the care they needed when using virtual care.
27322	Virtual fundraising was a good choice this year in light of social distancing measures and the museum’s reduced budget.
27323	Virtual interviews may not be as effective as in-person interviews, but they don’t need to be markedly worse.
27324	Virtually all new mothers experience doubts about their ability to care for a helpless newborn.
27325	Virtually all of this mortality in younger patients comes from those with comorbidity.
27326	Virtually everyone infected with the coronavirus seems to develop T-cell responses, according to several recent studies.
27327	“Viruses don’t respect borders.
27328	Virus Theater purchased the building in 2015 and uses it as performing arts center.
27329	Visa applications to Pakistan have just resumed after a seven-month pause due to the pandemic.
27330	Visa has taken the next step in its development, granting a cryptocurrency company one of its coveted principal memberships for the first time.
27331	Visitation was Monday, December 30, 2019 at Island Funeral Home from 5 pm to 9 pm.
27332	Visitation will be from 4:00 PM to 8:00 PM on Thursday, January 23, 2020 at St. Paul’s Lutheran Church in Green Isle, and will continue Friday morning one hour prior to service time at church.
27333	Visitation will be held on Tuesday, Nov. 24, 2020, at Goodwin – Cale & Harnish Memorial Chapel from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Funeral services will be held at the funeral home immediately following visitation at 2 p.m.
27334	Visitation will be Thursday from 2 to 8 p.m. following social distancing practices.
27335	Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Flexion Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:FLXN).
27336	Visitors are already returning, and tours are back on with intensified health protocols in place and private tour options available.
27337	Visitors to places such as Parks and Recreation buildings, City Hall and the Cape Girardeau Regional Airport will be.
27338	Visit to find out in which areas you can get help when you decide to launch your own skincare brand.
27339	Visit with artist Inez Storer at Cafe Zoë on Jan.
27340	Vivo has not officially announced anything about launching a refreshed version of the Vivo V20 yet, but previous reports have suggested the smartphone could be launched in India soon.
27341	VocalRemover uses AI and machine learning algorithms to separate vocals and instrumentals from any music track.
27342	Vocals are crisp too and even little nuances in dialogue are easily audible.
27343	Voices of people who've been impacted by the criminal justice system will finally be heard.
27344	Vold said there was no evidence the soldier outbreak led to any community spread in Morrison County.
27345	Voloridge Investment Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Century Aluminum during the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $237,000.
27346	Volume I of his Consent Factory Essays is published by Consent Factory Publishing, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Amalgamated Content, Inc. He can be reached at cjhopkins.com or consentfactory.org.
27347	Volunteers and personnel of the Janamaithri Police will help home-bound elderly people and others who need help.
27348	Volunteers who recently tested positive for the virus will agree to wear a face mask for three hours and a T-shirt and socks for 12 hours, then to turn these clothing items over to The Queen’s Medical Center.
27349	Von der Leyen urged the United States to work with Europe to set global rules for the digital economy, covering illegal hate speech and propaganda, fair competition and data protection.
27350	Voter registration deadline moved to July 13 for August runoff.
27351	“(Voters) don’t care about the disputes, the differences between levels of government or between parties,” she said.
27352	“Voters really want to see people who look like them, who share their experiences, in positions of power,” she said.
27353	Voters who are sick or in quarantine should take steps to protect poll workers and other voters.
27354	Voters will be subjected to a nearly unbearable torrent of speeches that promise more jobs for Americans.
27355	Voters will decide who will win 2021 elections not social media and online comments.
27356	Voters will need to weigh this record come November.
27357	Voter turnout so far has been high.
27358	V Ramgopal Rao, Director, IIT-Delhi said, тАЬIIT-Delhi has strong research activities in several relevant areas of research such as nutrition, Operations Research, Public Systems and Policy.
27359	Vulture capitalists who take over struggling companies are known to do the same kind of thing while they are running said companies into the ground.
27360	Wade will be joined by remaining assistant coaches Olaf Lange and Emre Vatansever for the upcoming 22-game season at IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida.
27361	Wage slavery is the root of that evil.
27362	Wagner said they then treated the couple's cuts and other injuries, even directing traffic to make it easier for EMS to arrive on the scene an hour later and transport them to the hospital.
27363	Wagner, who scored five times in eight appearances for Germany, added: “Now I kindly ask for your understanding that I’m leaving the club for family reasons.
27364	Waiting for a cheap iPhone?
27365	Wait until the water has boiled, then add your desired amount of pasta, then cover the pan with a lid to bring it back to the boil.
27366	"Wake EMS responded to check him out, but it appears that except for being hungry and thirsty, the teen was in good health," Wake County officials said.
27367	“Waking up (in Utah) to the news that it’s raining at Old Trafford was pure joy,” says David Farrelly.
27368	Walden said to stay on top we will eventually need good answers for those problems.
27369	Wales today announced another 22 cases, bringing its total to 60 - and the overall UK figure to 820.
27370	Walker, a Heisman Trophy winner at the University of Georgia, kicked off his professional career with the short-lived USFL’s New Jersey Generals, owned in 1984 and 1985 by Trump.
27371	Walker B. True's sourdough starter, "Freedough Catalina" poses for the camera.
27372	Walker followed up those remarks with a throwing-up emoji.
27373	Walker's Wine and Brew House in Wheatland says Alcohol Beverage Control forced them to shut down their dining room, even though they county code enforcement officers approved their reopening.
27374	Walker, who operates a construction business and a cable company, revealed that some of his fellow elderly residents are reluctant to have other people conduct their banking transactions.
27375	“Walking, cycling and wheeling where you can is better for your health, wellbeing and bank balance and is also better for everyone’s health with less traffic fumes.
27376	Walk-On’s founders Brandon Landry and Jack Warner were both “walk-on’s” for the basketball team at Louisiana State University.
27377	Walk up to any authorized dealer you know of and get your card.
27378	Wall Street brokerages forecast that Sierra Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:SRRA) will announce earnings per share (EPS) of ($1.56) for the current fiscal quarter, reports.
27379	Wall Street has barely reacted despite the idling of countless factories in China as workers are quarantined, and despite fears that the virus could spread more widely and create further economic disruption across Asia and beyond.
27380	Wall was intentionally fouled, and he made his first free throw before missing the second.
27381	Wally tries to use the staff Tempus gave him to get rid of the dark matter, but the planet itself is made of the stuff and it, thus, proves ineffective.
27382	Walmart, 240 Hamilton Rd., from 2 p.m. to 2:30 p.m.
27383	Walmart also said it would invest $100 million over the next five years to create a Center on Racial Equity.
27384	Walmart continues to be a leader in employment opportunity, sustainability, and corporate philanthropy.
27385	Walmart has decided to turn four stores into-commerce laboratories that will be the testing grounds for digital tools and see how effective they are keeping things going efficiently and smoothly.
27386	Walmart is indeed the first choice of many people for a great shopping experience and service reliability.
27387	Walmart said it will stop displaying the Mississippi flag while the state debates whether to change the design.
27388	Walter Luebcke, who was known to have pro-migrant views, was found dead at his home in the city of Kassel on June 2, 2019.
27389	Walter Osborn passed away peacefully on Saturday, December 28, 2019 at his rural Thief River Falls, MN home.
27390	‘Wan-Bissaka is one of the best defenders in the league, there’s no doubt about that.
27391	Wanchai Phanomchai, Secretary-General of Thai Industrial Standards Institute (TISI).
27392	Wanklyn and his crew would have to wait until September for their greatest triumph.
27393	Want bawdy British humor?
27394	Wanting to help, Crossan underwent a series of tests to see if she could give part of her liver to Hamish.
27395	Want more cops downtown?
27396	Want to know more about the biggest sales event of the year?
27397	Want to see what other hedge funds are holding APT?
27398	Wan Y, Shang J, Graham R, Baric RS, Li F. Receptor Recognition by the Novel Coronavirus from Wuhan: an Analysis Based on Decade-Long Structural Studies of SARS Coronavirus.
27399	WaPo columnist: 'If Biden is serious about winning he needs to accuse Trump of willingness to kill people'
27400	War epic “The Eight Hundred,” on the other hand, raked in $21 million in its Aug. 21 bow.
27401	Warisan would not have anything to do with Sabah chief minister Musa Aman in the government.
27402	Warned of the arrival of two androids by Future Trunks, the group finds that Android 20 is in fact Dr. Gero, creator of all the androids fought during the story, who became one himself.
27403	Warne made the announcement by posting a statement on his twitter handle during the third Test between Australia and New Zealand at the SCG here.
27404	WarnerMedia has so far failed to secure deals with Roku and Amazon to support HBO Max.
27405	Warning about the risk of a genocide, she said: “The British Government ought to recognise the seriousness of what’s happening.”
27406	Warren backed up her claim by citing “consistent data,” but acknowledged it was incomplete.
27407	Warren dodged again: “You know, again, I really want to say that, right now, it’s less about the politics and much more about the crisis that our country is in, and I think that’s really where our focus has got to be at this moment,” she replied.
27408	Warren is in Trumbull county, one of nine counties which flipped from voting for Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 to backing Trump in 2016.
27409	WARREN, NH – An amazing woman, Nancy Bradley Chandler, 85, died on Tuesday, May 5, 2020 at her home, with her beloved husband and children by her side.
27410	Warrington will be moved into Tier Three from Thursday next week, it was announced today.
27411	Warriors defender Teenage Hadebe is expected in the country today from his Turkey base after being granted two weeks compassionate leave by his club Yeni Malatyaspor.
27412	Warriors general manager Shafiek Abrahams confirmed that two players had tested positive for the coronavirus while four others, who had been in close contact with them, had been forced to self isolate.
27413	Wash and massage your hair regularly.
27414	Was he coming off a serious injury that was likely a major concern for teams risking big time draft capital?
27415	WASHINGTON — After days of resisting screening for the coronavirus, President Donald Trump tested negative for the virus, officials said Saturday night.
27416	Washington already has plastic bag bans all over the place.
27417	Washington also had a decrease of about 4 percent in continued claims, indicating that even as some workers were laid off, tens of thousands of Washingtonians returned to work last week.
27418	WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump declared Friday that a “reign of terror is over”
27419	WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. said Wednesday it would block imports from a major Chinese producer of cotton goods because of its reliance on workers detained as part of a crackdown on ethnic minorities in China’s northwest.
27420	WASHINGTON (AP) — With Ronald Acuña Jr., Freddie Freeman and Marcell Ozuna as the top three hitters in his lineup, Braves manager Brian Snitker knows an early five-run deficit is hardly insurmountable.
27421	WASHINGTON DC – After a tense few days, the test results have finally come in. Bat Boy does NOT have coronavirus!
27422	Washington has offered to help Iran while refusing to lift crushing sanctions blocking the country from selling its crude oil and accessing international financial markets.
27423	WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump briefly left the hospital Sunday in his car to wave to supporters gathered outside.
27424	Washington running back Antonio Gibson (24) scores a touchdown against Dallas Cowboys cornerback Trevon Diggs (27) on Sunday, Oct. 25, 2020, in Landover, Md.
27425	Washington should use the Nike swoosh as their new logo.
27426	Washington: The Huskies had a mixed bag on special teams.
27427	WASHINGTON — When I was growing up, my brother Michael took me to see old movies at the American Film Institute.
27428	Wasim Akram explaining Shaheen Afridi's approach to swing bowling - cricket sometimes throws up some perfect coincidences.
27429	Was it a clue to my future?
27430	Was it really Wuhan’s animal market?
27431	Was looking to see what Michael Emerson was up to after binge-watching Person of Interest.
27432	” was set to be one of the biggest films of 2020.
27433	Was tested on Wednesday … "While my test came back positive, my wife's test came back negative."
27434	WATCH: A Calgary man has been found guilty in connection with an impaired driving collision that killed his 17-year-old daughter and seriously injured her best friend.
27435	Watch Coronation Street on CBC Television or stream it live on CBC Gem.
27436	Watch discussion with anticapitalists from Italy, Spain and Italy.
27437	Watched this last night - it's a scientifically accurate movie and was quite good.
27438	Watch him and forget about about every excuse you have ever even considered.
27439	Watch him play.
27440	"watching cheer on Netflix got me reminiscing about how i sucked at cheerleading almost as much as I sucked at doing my brows," she captioned the picture, which was taken during her time as a student at Snohomish High School in Washington.
27441	Watch it and you’ll see why.
27442	WATCH: Migrante International holds a dialogue with Foreign Affairs Secretary Teodoro Locsin Jr., calling for the repatriation of OFWs based in the Middle East in line with the ongoing war between the United States and Iran.
27443	Watch Miley Cyrus Send a Warning to Her "Future Ex-Husband" With "Maneater" CoverMiley Cyrus has a message for her "future ex-husband."
27444	Watch nobody learn from this and see Cower get a similar deal with the Jets this off season.
27445	Watch television, read the popular media, or listen to public radio over the next 24 hours and you’re very likely to hear about the “housing crisis” in the United States.
27446	Watch the Opening Credits for 'The Partridge Family'
27447	Watch the pitches and vote now!
27448	“Watch tutorials to learn how to braid your hair.
27449	Watch VideoPresident Donald Trump is expected to announce a further troop reduction in Iraq Wednesday.
27450	Watch your children," Taig warns.
27451	Water and oil we know do not mix.
27452	Water Flosser, ABOX 300ML Cordless Oral Irrigator with 7 Jet Tips,.
27453	Water flows from a 280-metre steep cliff onto different rock formations in a lower basin, creating a beautiful scene.
27454	Watergate also ushered into politics a young man named Roger Stone who, as it happens, also graduated from my small rural high school in Lewisboro, New York, although I didn't know him.
27455	Water is a valuable resource that is vital to daily life.
27456	Water levels of the River Thames rose to 21. 7 feet in the area yesterday, meaning flooding likely remained for hours after high tide.
27457	Watson was singled out this week for publicising false complaints in a review by the HM Inspectorate of Constabulary.
27458	Wauwatosa Officer Joseph Mensah that protesters "tried to kill me.
27459	Waverley Council also closed Tamarama and Bronte beaches indefinitely.
27460	Waverley Council, which covers Bondi, Bronte and Tamarama, has said those breaching closures face $110 fines issued by lifeguards.
27461	Waves crashing on the shore are a motif.
27462	Way before The Office was adapted in India, Better Life Foundation gave us an idea as to how an Indian version would be.
27463	Wayne resided at the Barron Center in Portland, Maine for approximately 14 years.
27464	Way too much left-wing political bias on episode 9. Portraying U.S. federal agents as white supremacists is just wrong.
27465	Way up in the north, by the Black Dragon River, where our journey began, there was a red banner: "Violate the laws of this boundary," it read, "and you will be caught and crushed like a worm."
27466	We absolutely dominated them.
27467	“We actually found an employee that didn’t have a computer at home, that was really surprising, but we provided her a computer,” Caldwell said.
27468	Weaker global activity is affecting the economy through a range of channels, not just reduced trade.
27469	We all cheered and wiped away a few tears when we saw how good this patient looked.
27470	We all craned our necks.
27471	We all do things to make ourselves feel safe.
27472	“We all dream of being a little more relaxed, a little less stressed and not feeling guilty about indulging ourselves,” he says.
27473	We all got out of our cars, gave each other hugs and enjoyed a few minutes hanging out together, something we don’t do often with nearly 2,000 miles separating us.
27474	We all knew that, but we all saw it, anyway.
27475	"We all loved Boba Fett, but we never got as much of him as we all wanted.
27476	We all want to indulge occasionally and that is fine.
27477	"We all want to play, that's what we're here for," he said.
27478	“We already know that all of our camps will be able to su.
27479	We also are careful to make sure no people or dogs are nearby.
27480	We also congratulate the SAPS team for the speedy arrests.
27481	We also get some Penguins news, a little rumble surrounding the Baltimore Ravens, and some good news for a Penn State/WPIAL alum.
27482	We also got our NABL certificate yesterday and will be applying to ICMR and subsequently with the state government for testing at our lab in Surat as we have all the facilities.”
27483	We also had coaches that got the most out of us.
27484	We also have a limited number of snow pants.
27485	"We also know is that is takes a supportive community, strong role models, and everyone working together to keep as many things going as we would like," she said.
27486	We also know that certain labs can tell us who is doing poorly even if their symptoms haven’t caught up with them yet, so we check labs in nursing home COVID cases.
27487	We also loved Monhegan Island, which has great hiking trails and even their own brewery.
27488	We also need to allow our solar industry to grow in New Hampshire.
27489	"We also need to get serious about securing the region's borders, and targeting these kinds of trafficking networks that are moving weapons into the conflict," Mr Lewis said.
27490	We also probably shouldn’t rule out the possibility of Bill Belichick trading away the 23rd overall pick in order stockpile assets.
27491	We also raised our dividend twice, repurchased 1,127,000 shares through our NCIB and increased our share price by 60% for the year.
27492	We also ran the story by a rep for Aniston who stated the actress was happy and healthy at the time.
27493	We also see Lenny's spiritual growth - and the powerful way in which spirit informs his music."
27494	“We also want to encourage those who have other conditions to continue to use our hospitals.
27495	“We anticipated this very scenario and have been preparing for Pennsylvanians to become impacted by this virus,” Wolf said.
27496	“We apologise to a lot of customers whose orders are not getting delivered as scheduled.
27497	We applaud the president for taking action.”
27498	We appreciate our fans so much and we look forward to having them there … That’s what I expect from those 6,000.
27499	We appreciate the county’s prompt insight and assurances to address public concerns.”
27500	Wear a mask and gloves before the pickup.
27501	Wear a mask in public and stay six feet apart from those not in your household.
27502	We are a document company so the majority of our time is spent in Google Docs.
27503	"We are all active, and we are not active as well," he said of the chat group.
27504	We are all aware of the uncertainties that are before us due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but I know that together we can and will be stronger together.
27505	“We are all currently living in a very interesting time and I thought this would be a perfect time to work on ‘Bahana’ part two of the story and to give fans a refreshing take on what a lot of lovers must be experiencing.
27506	“We are all heartbroken, what a beautiful girl.
27507	We are all in danger and we must take the collective action to protect ourselves and our loved ones.
27508	We are all watching this as if it were a movie.
27509	We are also a member of the Corporate Secretaries International, which is the global body for all chartered secretary worldwide.
27510	"We are asking players all across Dublin this morning to check their tickets very carefully, being sure to check their numbers and raffle codes," a National Lottery spokesperson said.
27511	We are a small rural county and have a large amount of traffic going through our area to work in Jackson Wy.
27512	We are a transparent nation that supports whistleblowers.
27513	“We are aware of no specific or credible threats to election sites in Massachusetts at this time,” state police spokesman David Procopio told the Herald on Tuesday night.
27514	“We are being slightly delayed because we are still gathering statistics to take care of primary schools.”
27515	We Are Better Together!
27516	We are called to lives in a world of endless possibilities beyond human grasp and natural comprehension.
27517	"We are certain that he will do the jersey and country proud.
27518	We are committed to upholding our obligations under the armed forces covenant, to ensure that no one who is serving, or who has served, or their family members are disadvantaged as a result of their service.”
27519	"We are confident and this stems from the data we have seen so far.
27520	We are contending with a constantly evolving situation, that will require fast adaptability.
27521	We are creating our own March of Dimes, by using the best ambassadors for public health policy initiatives — the children.
27522	"We are currently working on tactics and strategy.
27523	We are deeply concerned about the situation in the Persian Gulf, Singh said in his address at a meeting of the SCO here.
27524	We are defending ourselves against Apple not only to keep our logo but to send a message to big tech companies that bullying small businesses has consequences.” said Prepear on the site.
27525	"We are directly addressing the digital divide," Sudderth tells ABC 11.
27526	“We are doing everything we can to adjust to a rapidly evolving situation, and in the process reduce undue burden on employees and ensure that our facilities are staffed appropriately.
27527	We are doing this incrementally to ensure we prioritise patient and staff safety, whilst retaining capacity to treat Covid-19 in our health service, but good progress is being made.
27528	'We are doing what many other countries have asked transport users to do,' he said.
27529	“We are driver professionals.
27530	We are effectively ridding the world of ISIS.
27531	We are entering the next stage of a divisive and dangerous ‘culture war'
27532	“We are expecting a huge demand rise toward lithium-ion batteries both from the automotive and non-automotive sectors in Turkey.
27533	“We are extremely grateful to all the individuals and organisations that donated to a campaign that was launched when Bermuda’s restaurant staff faced an uncertain future and were struggling to meet their basic needs.
27534	“We are fighting an unrelenting, never-ending fight against criminal predators in our society,” Barr claimed at the FOP conference in New Orleans.
27535	“We are finding ourselves, and we need to find our offensive flow,” McConathy said.
27536	We are focusing on endurance fitness and the boys are coping up.
27537	We are getting good responses from artists as far as Ovamboland,’’ he narrated.
27538	“We are getting this amount of money from the Centre to the state but we do not know whether our crop would be procured or not.
27539	“We are given a menu by the department, but I know how to cook and if I want to make the children something nice, then I make them something nice.
27540	We are going to be in a position where we can create hard, hard good jobs by making sure the environment is clean and we all are in better shape.”
27541	We are going to help,” Trump said in a Fox News town hall held at the White House Rose Garden on Tuesday.
27542	“We are grateful to our staff – who went above and beyond the call of duty to maintain and further our output while also volunteering to surrender pay and benefits.
27543	We are gutted to say theleast.'
27544	"We are happy to enter into another partnership with our national carrier ATCL," he said.
27545	We are here, come partner with us.
27546	“We are in an extraordinary situation.
27547	We are in close touch with the Jewish community and Law Enforcement to investigate this vandalism.
27548	We Are In This Together!
27549	“We are introducing new functions progressively.
27550	We are just grateful for a tangible way to continue our mission of making life better for kids—especially in the middle of such an extraordinary time.”
27551	We are keeping these under constant review and will not hesitate to make changes to continually improve safety.”
27552	We are left with nothing in South Africa," Blunden told the Herald on Sunday.
27553	“We are less than three weeks into the new fiscal year and right now we just don’t know how long restrictions will remain in place in Saskatchewan, in Canada and around the world,” Finance Minister Donna Harpauer said in a news release.
27554	We are looking at about 250 of them and each of the primary healthcare facilities would get at least one,” he said.
27555	We are looking at creating a 15-million gallon system coming from the Rio Cobre in St Catherine.
27556	We are making sure we call people and text people so we’re all alright.”
27557	“We are not going be successful by doubling down on what we are doing right now, and we all know that — and I think COVID-19 has exposed that.
27558	“We are not going to build our team or build our defense just with those two players in mind, but we understand the challenges we face moving forward against two very talented young quarterbacks,” he said.
27559	“We are not just about the Georgia Milestones test.
27560	"We are not opposed to BBI, what we are opposed to is the use of public resources," stated Washiali.
27561	We are not satisfied with the agriculture department’s efforts.
27562	We are not talking about two separate documents.
27563	We are not yet at the end of the Covid-19 crisis.
27564	'We are now instructed by Waverlea's father to see the claim through and recover damages for Waverlea's estate, but of course nothing can bring his daughter back.
27565	We are now spending $80 billion a year on defense — that is two-thirds of every tax dollar.
27566	“We are offering you anything that you need.”
27567	“We are one of the only undergraduate unions in the northeast, and so a lot of RAs and peer mentors at other universities do not have the same opportunities that we do to bargain for our safety.”
27568	“We are one with the global community in the intense battle to protect all families against COVID-19.
27569	We are on the way.
27570	“We are particularly concerned with the consequences of White House actions on career employees who may have felt pressured to help organize and put on these events, potentially subjecting them to legal jeopardy,” the Democrats wrote Wednesday.
27571	"We are pleased that we are slowly but surely stair-stepping our way back to normal capacity.
27572	“We are pleased to deliver better than expected results to end the year and are excited to turn the page to 2020 where we will continue to transition the business towards our future,” U. S. Steel President and CEO David B. Burritt said.
27573	We are prepared to exercise self-defence, and we are prepared to deter further bad behaviour from these groups, all of which are sponsored, directed and resourced by Iran”, Esper told reporters.
27574	"We are privileged that we got many happy opportunities to laugh and joke around with you over a few state of origin league games," the post said.
27575	“We are proud to be a site that’s conducting research on this … treatment,” Jason Baker, Hennepin Healthcare Research Institute’s primary investigator, said in a statement.
27576	“We are relieved that her passing was peaceful and painless,” Bello said in the statement.
27577	“We are right now in the hospital from where we are making arrangement to fly his remain to Saudi Arabia,” a source said.
27578	"We are saying Government should support farmers by providing them with tractors and slashers so that they can be able to cut grass growing on roadsides and feed their cattle."
27579	“We are scared that the flights will leave us behind, and I don’t know how to help our kids if they fall ill.”
27580	"We are seeing an outpouring of love and support for the less fortunate among us during this period," Mandel McKulsky, public relations manager at the Social Development Commission, said.
27581	We are seeing what and who is really important, and how quickly that could be taken away.”
27582	We are seeking to understand our previous experiences of racism to ensure they have no place in the current Collingwood environment."
27583	“We are shooting pretty much on top of the world,” says Varun after which Sara quickly jumps in and says ‘HI’.
27584	We are showing everyone is a family, a Canadian family.”
27585	"We are so grateful to have been given the time and creative freedom to tell this story in its totality, concluding with a final chapter that we had envisioned from the very beginning.
27586	"We are so happy to have it back in one piece, although with a few scars from its adventure," Heidi Roy said in an email to CTV News.
27587	We are so vulnerable.
27588	We are spending more time than ever at home because of COVID-19.
27589	We are starting to get healthy … so we have high expectations for our remaining section games.”
27590	“We are still contacting people who test positive, but we need their help in notifying their contacts and telling them to quarantine.”
27591	We are sure that you will be more than thrilled with the instant results that this site will deliver for you.
27592	“We are sympathetic to the situation they found themselves in,” he said.
27593	“We are talking about suicide.
27594	We are talking to Jack’s family and looking at ways to commemorate his service to Irish football in the future but for now, I think it would be magnificent if we could make some noise for Jack one last time next Tuesday.”
27595	We are testing all those masks, all those items before they reach our health-care workers because we will not compromise on the safety and protection for health-care workers,” he said.
27596	We are thankful to them.”
27597	We are the world headquarters for extreme poverty.
27598	"We are told that Asuka didn't know when she taped Money in the Bank (4/15) that she was actually winning the Raw Women's title as WWE kept all discussion private," Johnson wrote.
27599	We are trying hard but this is difficult.
27600	We are trying to bring awareness to the fact that people are going to be homeless.”
27601	We are trying to improve and get things to be better and hopefully to solve the problem.”
27602	“We are unfortunately seeing the effects of community spread in these facilities that care for our most vulnerable Minnesotans,” Malcolm said in a Friday briefing.
27603	"We are utilizing data coming out of this network to spread the message about how severe the air pollution is, which we did not know until we had these monitors,"Omar says.
27604	"We are very few and doubt whether all of our colleagues will come back," Ms Amina Longose, one of the students, said.
27605	We are very much capable of manufacturing alcohol in Zambia and we have been doing it even before the writer was born.
27606	'We are working on it right now, hopefully in a few weeks we will be able to be clear about what we want,' he said.
27607	We are working to be a unified community.
27608	Wear good quality, sturdy boots.
27609	Wearing a blue polo T-shirt, Campbell could be heard sighing heavily as he was led to the cells.
27610	“Wearing a mask is kind of outrageous to me.
27611	We, as human beings and Americans, would betray our humanity and our heritage if we did actively engage with these issues.
27612	We ate, watched a video, opened presents and talked.
27613	We become aware of people of every stripe, color and persuasion.
27614	We believe it was wrong to auction the furniture and other equipment because these things belonged to the farmers not VIF.
27615	"We believe that glucose metabolism contributes to various COVID-19 outcomes.
27616	“We believe that meaningful partnerships with members, businesses and health professionals will improve the quality of health benefits, reduce costs and create a community of health care.”
27617	We believe that national governments acting through the International Seabed Authority should require more scientific research and monitoring, and better support the agency’s efforts to analyze and act on that information.
27618	“We believe that no child in Jamaica should be denied education because they wear locks, or forced to cut their hair.
27619	“We believe that since it won’t be part of campaigns anymore that more people will look at this holistically and try to come together to slow the spread of this virus,” he said.
27620	"We believe that the sentence will deter others from following the accused's footsteps and we also trust that it will renew hope to victims of crime," Zuma said.
27621	We believe that together, we are bigger, better and stronger.
27622	“We believe the statements by President Trump alleging fraud in the election are efforts to undermine the legitimacy of the election and are unacceptable,” the signatories wrote.
27623	We believe we are well-positioned to take advantage of new opportunities in our markets as they present themselves and emerge from this crisis stronger.”
27624	Webinars are being conducted for faculty members on ways to make their online classrooms more engaging.
27625	“We both made a bunch of birdies; I just made a couple more,” Simonich said.
27626	Web pioneer proposes a new cryptographic system that relies on threshold key infrastructure to improve end-to-end encryption.
27627	We bring here to you a dipstick list of the 10 best-flavored drinks served at Starbucks around the world.
27628	We bring in national speakers each year to speak on Dr. King’s principles and relate them to what is happening today,” said Kari Knowles, TOBA’s media relations specialist and board member.
27629	We brought additional staffing on board.
27630	We brought out a 316-page magazine priced at Rs 250 and sold one lakh copies, out of which 46,000 were pre-booked.
27631	We brought together several government services and worked to simplify forms and cut procedures to the strict minimum required."
27632	Webster added that the children involved in esports also get to see the rest of the world if they are chosen as part of teams.
27633	Webster also said there is a need for an ICT hub in the village.
27634	“We call on the Iraqi authorities to immediately open an investigation into the killing of Ahmed Abdul Samad and Safaa Ghali and to do their utmost to ensure journalists can cover the protests freely and without fear of reprisal,” he said.
27635	We calm down, breathe better.
27636	We came close to being consumed by the coronavirus pandemic.
27637	We came here to commend and give support to officials and send a message across the country to other correctional officers that their work is difficult, even under Covid-19," said Lamola.
27638	We can agree about that, right?
27639	We can also eliminate the barriers that prevent nurse practitioners and other health care professionals from doing tasks for which they are entirely qualified, but are now reserved for licensed physicians.
27640	We can also expect a chance of scattered showers and storms along the front Friday night, into Saturday morning.
27641	We can definitely send letters out or ask about their situation,” replied Badura.
27642	We can do this all 2020, just like John getting more Saturday schools in The Breakfast Club.
27643	“We can hold individuals responsible for their individual behaviour, and we should,” Bourgeois said.
27644	We can make this work.
27645	“We can mitigate the risks of COVID-19 pandemic without infringing the rights of our people or destroying the back bone of our economy, which is our small businesses.”
27646	We can never move past what we don’t want because we have yet to envision what we do want.
27647	“We cannot afford to be reckless.
27648	We cannot allow our region to become locked-in to lockdown indefinitely.”
27649	We cannot continue to create films in the same manner we did before with no long-term plan for the environment around us.
27650	We cannot give up.
27651	We cannot just worry about the painted surface," Chimen explains.
27652	"We cannot sustain a democratic society that has these kinds of numbers of low and middle income people that aren't able to have a hope for the American dream and live decently."
27653	We cannot use 365 days in a year and 360° to work on politics, it’s not possible.
27654	“We can not wait for the next emergency pathogen or pandemic to arrive before these issues are resolved,” she concluded.
27655	We can only assume that these guidelines would continue for months on end even in a scenario where the world returns to some sort of normalcy.
27656	We can only get there if we listen to one another with compassion.
27657	We can only wonder what pushed his wife to pull the trigger on the separation.
27658	We can see that gold has struggled since hitting its all-time nominal high of $2,067 in early August.
27659	We can sit by stoically, or participate in the exercise.
27660	We can survive on that farmland by growing food.
27661	We can take pride in our Maine Legislature where representatives from both parties often resolve differences and support bipartisan legislation to benefit Mainers.
27662	We can’t be in this dire a conflict without something giving somewhere along the way.”
27663	We can't be sure if it is the improved GPU or just better handling of the Blu-ray emulation software, but movies definitely look better in our opinion.
27664	"We can't continue as we are in perpetuity," said board member Kelly Gonez.
27665	“We can’t do the many complex tasks of our jobs without her unfailing assistance,” Hamlin said, quoting the person or persons who nominated Parries.
27666	We can’t ever take anybody for granted.”
27667	We can’t feel safe and protected if we can’t develop a proper relationship with police.”
27668	We can’t give too much detail from that perspective though‚” Faul said.
27669	We can’t just be risking our lives with just words and no written documents like what other countries have done,’ one health personnel explained.
27670	We can’t see into the future and foretell the impact of the wrong things we do today so it’s better we just try to do the right thing.
27671	“We can’t stop and we won’t stop.
27672	“We carried out extensive consultation with beach and water users last summer, receiving 557 responses.
27673	We celebrate the funeral rites to offer worship, praise and thanksgiving to God for the gift of a person’s life, which has now been returned to the Author of Life.
27674	“We celebrate the rich legacy that he leaves behind,” he said.
27675	“We celebrate this more than Christmas,” Laurie said.
27676	“We certainly can’t be complacent and we would urge the public to play their part.
27677	We circled back with Frimann an hour or two after the ’s follow-up ran to ask about the same memo.
27678	We click all the way through Tuesday until we realise that it’s a fruitless exercise in frustration and nobody in Safeway has the time or the intent to deliver our grand order of $97.50 (after the membership discount of $2.75).
27679	"We commend the Mavericks for making a healthy choice by partnering with a sugar-free sports drink company as this creates a tremendous opportunity for BioSteel to play a role in hydrating some of the best basketball players in the world."
27680	We compared the prices of a number of popular budget, mid-range, and flagship smartphones available from these five online stores to see which was the cheapest.
27681	“We conducted an investigation and discovered that it was actually diarrhoea, and with all the interventions and protocol, we sent more health workers there.
27682	We continue appealing to members of the public to always restrain themselves from taking part in instant mob justice.
27683	"We continue to receive loads of calls from parents.
27684	“We continue to see a lot of momentum with customers across a wide range of industries, from startups to enterprise customers and public sector,” he said.
27685	“We continue to welcome legitimate students and scholars from China who do not further the Chinese Communist Party’s goals of military dominance,” the spokeswoman said.
27686	We continue to work with victims’ groups, courts and prosecution services, and the legal profession, to identify the best ways to deal with the backlog.”
27687	We could all use it now more than ever.
27688	We could be distant cousins!”
27689	“We could do a live stream from anywhere – a sound stage, an empty theater.
27690	“We could eventually have an AI that can learn to mimic the rules of driving, the laws of physics, just by watching videos and seeing agents take actions in an environment,” Fidler said.
27691	“We could, for example, ask Jarvis Cocker to choose his favourite paintings in Sheffield.”
27692	"We could have jumped the gun a little faster.
27693	“We could just as easily be on the flipside of this.”
27694	We could not get things done the way we should.
27695	We couldn't cook for them since Tuesday.
27696	“We couldn’t hear anything,” many said from the audience due to the meeting’s outdoor location.
27697	“We could see 40,000 deaths by the time it’s over.”
27698	We could see 5+ inches of snowfall for elevations around 6000 feet and we could see an inch or two on the grapevine Sunday night into Monday morning.
27699	“We create a lot of our own fabrics, which in Season 1, I was able to explore that world, but going into Season 4 it really is a lot of custom work.
27700	We created a massive forest on two floors in Annapoorna Studios in Bengaluru.
27701	“We cycle to the shop, I go in and get what we need and he waits outside.
27702	We'd be informing users to delete the app, as well."
27703	We decided to fly into Calgary, and continue on to Fernie, Banff and Jasper.
27704	“We deh inside chilling and all we hear is rapid gunfire, about seven to 10 shots.
27705	We deliver food in biodegradable boxes.”
27706	We demand that they are arrested and prosecuted.
27707	We denounce his actions of ‘kicking the bear’ and we stand by our policy of zero engagement and standing peacefully to protect our communities,” Robertson said.
27708	"We detected not only the flavonoids themselves, but also parts of the pathway for their biosynthesis."
27709	“We did a great job in all three phases of the game and scored in all aspects,” Waldorf head coach Will Finley said.
27710	“We did a slow like counter-clockwise drift and as soon as I knew we were going into the lake everything kind of went slow motion, it’s kind of hard to explain.”
27711	We did not push anything at first because my parents’ work was done.
27712	We didn’t get the ball down the field passing the ball, but they took that away.
27713	We didn’t leave.”
27714	"We didn't see a large demand," Yake said.
27715	“We didn’t want to thumb suck solutions or even guess about possible causes.
27716	“We did so many great things at Linden.
27717	We did test some more common sporting activities like running, indoor cycling and strength exercises, and - for the most part - the GT 2e tracks those fairly accurately.
27718	"We did this deal to stay on the cutting edge of digital content," said PATTIZ.
27719	We dined at the 1744 Bar & Restaurant in the heart of the hotel, where chefs serve the best seasonal and locally-sourced ingredients possible.
27720	We'd like to follow the zoo that houses the Iguana and the Hippo as the mad scientist behind their creation uses them to hunt Spider-Man, the perfect blend of animal and man.
27721	Wednesday, Governor Wolf said gatherings are limited to 25 in yellow counties and 250 or 50% capacity of a venue, in green counties.
27722	Wednesday’s high will be around -6 C and there’s a 60 per cent chance of flurries.
27723	Wednesday’s tally includes the 152 new cases Toronto and 82 more in Peel Region; together, the two health units accounted for nearly three-quarters of the province’s new infections.
27724	Wednesday was the third consecutive weekday that Long Beach met those requirements.
27725	Wed., November 4, 2020 10:01 a.m. Wednesday, November 4, 2020 10:01 a.m.
27726	“We do elections well in Arizona,” Mr. Ducey said on Monday as he signed documents certifying Mr. Biden’s Arizona victory and awarding him the state’s 11 Electoral College votes.
27727	We do have a place to stay now, but it's going to be hard to get back on our feet.
27728	“We do have more businesses and industries open,” she said.
27729	“We do have two free legal resources for students whose landlords do not want to abide by that.”
27730	We do not know how many of them were active and passive carriers of the infection due to our abysmal testing status.
27731	"We don't believe that that's the sole cause of that spread.
27732	We don’t fully understand the novel coronavirus — SARS-CoV-2.
27733	We don’t have a crematorium on-site; we have a working relationship with crematoriums in Philadelphia and the suburbs.
27734	We don’t have any business to do that,” says Sadhguru.
27735	We don’t have community spread, we don’t have anybody hospitalised, we don’t have anyone dying from COVID thus far but there are challenges.”
27736	“We don’t have to be permanently stuck in the cycle of poverty.
27737	We don’t hold negative feelings about the increased complex services needed for the pediatric population, but we do to the elderly patients in hospital, who are often called “bed blockers”, and over-users of services.
27738	We don’t know how to make it stop.
27739	We don’t know if we’re going to have a Bush 2000 where we don’t know for weeks.
27740	"We don't know what goes on behind closed doors, but Kate and the Royal Family seem to all get along well.
27741	"We don't know what would be our third Project PRISM product, but it's going to be a product that received an award at CES."
27742	We don’t know when that will be.
27743	We don’t need professionals to celebrate our independence.
27744	We don’t need this right now," one Instagram user wrote.
27745	We don’t say that to minimize the danger or the very real death toll.
27746	We don't try to tell the whole story.
27747	“We don’t want California, New York and Illinois deciding all of our elections from now on,” wrote another.
27748	We don’t want to be in a position where he is allowed to watch ballots come in and say ‘gee if we could only find 10,000 more ballots’.
27749	We don’t want to mortgage the future on the present.
27750	We don’t want to see environmental standards decline, food and worker standards decline.
27751	We don't yet know what will work best, and that's why we're interested in every proposal.
27752	“We donтАЩt deal with CLAT which is organised by National Law University.”
27753	We’d opt for the power and sound of the GT, which comes standard with 18-inch wheels, a limited-slip differential, power front seats, LED fog lights, rear parking sensors for about $38,000.
27754	“We do see a huge increase in pedestrian fatalities in the fall, especially October and November,” he said.
27755	“We do see a lot of food packaging.
27756	Week 3, former lead DeAnna Pappas showed up to spend some time with Crawley.
27757	We elected the first ever openly gay head of government to any state or territory or federal parliament in the country (Chief Minister Andrew Barr).
27758	We enjoy defending, being physical.
27759	We estimate 30,000-40,000 visitors in July and August,” he added.
27760	We (Euphoria) completed 21 years staying away from the film industry.
27761	“We even brought their family members from 20 kms away in some cases so that they could surrender on their appeal.
27762	We even get the obligatory Zoom call joke.
27763	We eventually had enough and moved."
27764	Wee Wine Club is something people can look forward to in these uncertain times… and beyond.”
27765	We exaggerate everything, even though we are showing the kind of violence that’s possible, hiding somewhere around the corner, which gives it a nightmarish quality.
27766	“We expect markets to remain volatile in the near term given the muted global cues.
27767	We expect the tax rate to revert to more normal levels in 2020.
27768	"We expect to apportion locations for the new contractors between August 20 and September 20, this year," she added.
27769	“We extended free school meals over the summer as most children had not been in school since March and families have had to pay the extra cost.
27770	"We face a big challenge to revitalise Melbourne after the devastation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic," she said.
27771	“We fail to understand that, in light of the government’s decision to move to the ‘delay’ phase, Ofsted has revised its deferral policy to defer inspections on providers that are ‘affected’.
27772	“We feel it is our inherent responsibility to be in tune with what the needs of our communities are.
27773	"We feel like not that much wine got into the waterway.
27774	We felt as a team, so strongly led, that we could not refuse our call.
27775	We felt like we were there.
27776	“We felt that we’d made a safe bet, investing cash money in our child’s education, but it never felt as good as I thought it would be when I first wrote the check,” Ms. Lodder said.
27777	We find that each of the above-named members of the patrol was guilty of wilful murder without any provocation.
27778	“We finished out the league that year but doing so well in the cups probably proved our downfall.
27779	“We focused on the numbers… insisted on 70 seats.
27780	We focus on providing for their needs, ensure that they are well-fed and healthy, and give them all the comforts they need.
27781	We follow young Midoriya Izuku, who was born quirkless but has always dreamed of being a hero.
27782	“We foretold about the impending rage of this invisible pandemic war, but few heard us”, the monarch said.
27783	We forgot that Liberia was sitting on a time bomb waiting to explode in 1990.
27784	We fought our way to a tie late in the second half.
27785	We found Emerald City.
27786	We found the necklace.
27787	“Weganool is finer than cashmere and far less expensive,” said Shankar.
27788	We gave the ball to Ben, we spaced out and we just slowed it up and kept it at our pace.
27789	"We get a lot of families worried because policing, even in Naperville, is a dangerous job," he said.
27790	We get the small donations.
27791	We give the Clips a to win that contest and project that they’ll maintain the No. 2 spot.
27792	We gonna mess it up for all of us," said E-40.
27793	We got a dog, Pete, so we would walk more; I walked Pete in the morning, and he walked him in the afternoon.
27794	We got folks from Secret Lasagna who came up with the full menu - it's items that we've had in the movies, and he found a way to make a Cow Tipper with three burger patties or three beyond burger patties.
27795	“We had a bit of opinion of her, but she has just got better and better with every run.
27796	We had a chance to see that first-hand in a very painful way.”
27797	We had a good laugh about it, and we incorporated it into the movie."
27798	We had a guy in a previous office who would bring in donuts when he was late.
27799	“We had also created a demo room where you could see what a two-bedroom or three-bedroom flat and a penthouse would look like.
27800	We had a really marvellous donation, a suitcase full of North African Hebrew and Aramaic magical amulets, probably late 19th, early 20th century.
27801	“We had a ton of tape on his debating style,” said Mark Wallace, a senior adviser to Palin.
27802	We had bought a beautifully printed piggy bank and started a collection of few coins; we kept the piggy bank in a drawer that was, unfortunately, in her reach.
27803	“We had discussed that we were intending to approve the addition to the Sports Core Pool,” she said.
27804	We had made a list of all the friends whom she could invite and had finalized it.
27805	“We had only been with indie labels before,” Taccone says.
27806	We had received no previous complaints about our coverage and we remain satisfied our reporting of the school has been accurate, fair and balanced.
27807	“We had serious concerns and we knew this was going to be a big deal and a big problem.”
27808	“We had several quality candidates that we interviewed for the position and as we went through the process Coach Bonner separated himself from the rest.
27809	We had six seasons.
27810	We had some valve crews come to reduce that so water service is now only off to customers on 2nd Street from Fitzwater to Bainbridge,” Water Department spokesperson Joe DiGiulio said.
27811	“We had to find him, and then we had to get him to England, then we needed a super license and then we needed a negative virus test,” Szafnauer said.
27812	“We had various options before we decided on partnering up with Hilton,” Sibella said in an interview.
27813	“We have 29 states and around 650 districts in India.
27814	“We have 800 such bikes located at 80 stations.
27815	"We have a basic knowledge, but still have to get to the details."
27816	“We have a challenging history on vaccination in New York City,” he told POLITICO.
27817	“We have achieved a lot in the area of manpower support, equipment deployment and usage, increased testing capacity and treatment centres.
27818	“We have a date of January 15 …let’s hope it happens there,” says American Farm Bureau Federation senior congressional relations director Dave Salmonsen.
27819	We have a higher calling to come to D.C. and do our jobs.”
27820	We have a lot of patience."
27821	“We have a lot of years of experience in these kinds of trials, and we’ve never seen these numbers before,” Dr. Polack said in an interview.
27822	“We have also assisted some other people out of the units, more vulnerable people that have been looked at by paramedics as well,” Coffey said.
27823	We have also established many schools in disadvantaged communities and not only relied on schools we inherited from missionaries.
27824	“We have also raised additional funds of ₹4,900 crore to build a contingency buffer.
27825	We have analyzed the product online and seen that it has been promoted and sold by a reputed ecommerce website.
27826	We have an amazing staff and we were able to do it in a couple of days and we’ve got a good system now.
27827	We have a reality show host who will not accept reality.”
27828	"We have assurances, and I've discussed this with the regulatory authorities, that they promise that they are not going to let political considerations interfere with a regulatory decision," Dr. Fauci said.
27829	"We have a technical committee and that committee is made up of people who are very strong in research and one of them is at Redeemers University."
27830	We have a working capital loan that we've got so much debt on and a large rent bill every month from our landlord," Carusone said.
27831	“We have been experiencing a rush of pregnancy tests since the end of February,” Frank Marent, managing director of the online pharmacy McDrogerie.ch told the newspaper on July 19.
27832	"We have been hiring even more additional team members to help us rapidly increase our capacity to cope with the increasing demand," chief executive of ASX-listed Marley Spoon, Fabian Siegel, said.
27833	“We have been made aware of posts circulating throughout social media that are disseminating rumors & false information,” the Minnesota State Fair’s Twitter account posted.
27834	… We have been reaching out to communities that are hard to reach that are not responding as quickly.”
27835	We have been receiving 100- 200 reports of the talathi about illegality hence there is no question from a communal angle”.
27836	We have been waiting since last year."
27837	“We have brought our business councils from a region-based structure to a country-based structure,” he added.
27838	We have catered more than 40% of the fortune 500 companies globally and have a network of more than 5000+ clientele around the globe.
27839	We have communications at the time that I believe prove that they were consensual encounters.
27840	We have compartmentalized Islam into separate components, i.e. prayer, fasting, etc., and as a consequence, our efforts are not producing the results we would expect.
27841	We have compiled data and guidance from the L.A. County Department of Public Health and the Johns Hopkins University and Medicine’s Coronavirus Resource Center to provide an update for L.A. County.
27842	We have confirmed that there is no emergency or incident at the Pickering Nuclear Generating Station, and that there is no danger to the public.
27843	“We have converted a non-AC coach with all necessary modifications.
27844	We have dead children,” Petrinja Mayor Darinko Dumbovic said in a statement broadcast by HRT TV.
27845	We have deals with Pfizer, Moderna, AstraZenica, and Novovax, if & when they produce an FDA-approved vaccine.
27846	“We have developed Opera News Lite as per requests from our users.
27847	"We have different on-going construction projects around the city, many of which are infrastructure, we are also working on recreational sites and green parks such that guests have a great experience.
27848	We have emailed everyone we can think of an still know responding by anyone.
27849	We have enough cells and we will take anyone we find to violating the order," he said during an interview with Citizen Television.
27850	We have enough of gas.
27851	"We have evidence that Huawei has the capability secretly to access sensitive and personal information and systems it maintains and sells around the world," Robert O'Brien, national security adviser, recently said, per The Wall Street Journal.
27852	We have exalted “agenda” over industry and so the Nigerian creative industry is beating is in everything.
27853	We have family that migrated to Pakistan, but my family chose to stay in India.
27854	"We have focused on terarylene because of its very high light-sensitivity, compatibility into polymer films and no oxygen/moisture inhibition.
27855	'We have got a strong squad so it is a chance to give some others an opportunity.
27856	"We have had one call this year which we attended twice.
27857	“We have had people in our yard at 2.30am intimidating us,” he said.
27858	We have had protests before, but not on this scale.
27859	"We have had very little contact because we are training on different pitches," Pique told Movistar.
27860	“We have heard so many stories lately about people who are unable to do their job or complete schoolwork because they don’t have reliable internet at home,” said Amazon’s Senior VP Dave Limp in a statement.
27861	'We have hundreds of specimens, though, so we are optimistic that further analyses will yield more guts,' he told MailOnline.
27862	“We have lessons to learn.”
27863	'We have lost the moral high ground to fight racism in this country because of the way we have handled anti-Semitism.'
27864	We have Maurice Nugent from Clare captaining Galway United in the League of Ireland Premier Division and Joe Collins, who won an Oscar Traynor with us, is also there.
27865	“We have no choice also in the face of these convincing situations that the conclusion of the trial court cannot in light of the facts in the face of the records before us be faulted,” Adah held.
27866	We have no doubt that bringing on board your rich experience in leadership and intellect, you will deliver to the admiration of all as Vice-President should Ghanaians give the NDC the mandate to govern the country in December,” she pointed out.
27867	We have no intention of not continuing that mission.”
27868	“We have no road map for what we’re dealing with,” said Wozney.
27869	“We have not been afraid to touch on things like addiction or body image or race, or Alzheimer’s or any of the myriad of things we’ve taken on,” he said.
27870	We haven’t necessarily seen a lot of new announcements.
27871	“We haven’t seen an increase in costs for a consumer because of the imposition of such regulations.”
27872	"We haven't studied this in humans yet," said researcher Dr. Howard Gendelman, who heads the department of pharmacology and experimental neuroscience at the Nebraska center.
27873	"We have our emergency measures team meets regularly.
27874	We have partnered with the UK government on ground-breaking mediation pilots and our clients include large corporates, the public sector, SMEs, charities and NGOs.
27875	We have prayed against violence against women.
27876	“We have put forward a proposal through the Foreign and Commonwealth Office because we are supposed to be upgrading the security system sometime this year.
27877	We have seen some close due to the restrictions, but we have seen our community come together like never before to support local businesses.
27878	“We have sent our final team to the ITF today.
27879	"We have started with a campaign poster contest as one of our main strategy where Ugandans below the age of 30 are invited to contest in designing campaign posters for DP President," he said.
27880	We have taken on COVID-19 and survived to date, we took a hit from Hurricane Sally and survived, and we will survive Hurricane Zeta.
27881	“We have the chance to bring the economy back to growth in the second half of the year,” Economy Minister Peter Altmaier told reporters.
27882	“We have them for a few days and then have to quickly reorder.”
27883	“We have the most expensive gas in the world, which forced hundreds of industries to shut down in Brazil or change their source of energy,” the legislator said in an interview.
27884	“We have to act on information as we have it, because this is now spreading very fast.”
27885	We have to ask about the G-spot?
27886	“We have to find a way to make it tuition-free and lift the burden of financial costs for students so when they graduate, they are not leaving with $70,000 in debt.”
27887	“We have to have tough conversations about what is the proper age to hand our children this technology and these devices.
27888	“We have to keep an open mind because if we don’t then Jack Tucker would have probably gone on and signed for Hastings (where he had been on loan) because nobody in the Football League would have done.”
27889	We have to peacefully engage in dialogue with the police and military, explain to them what’s at stake.
27890	“We have to put or act together and start impressing our fans; I am sure who are pains, and even our sponsors.
27891	“We have to remember everything that happened to us last year,” says Eddie.
27892	We have to separate these families and have to sterilize the women, to show how tenacious we are in refusing others’ needs and basic measures of humanity.
27893	We have, to some extent benefited from this programme and we can be proud to say we have beaten poverty and overcome it”, said Mrs Shakirat Adepoju, the leader of the cooperative scheme.
27894	“We have to strike a balance between our livelihoods and the medium to long-term development of the country,” he said.
27895	We have to take our Avodas Hashem seriously.
27896	“We have to thank God for making it possible and commend our armed forces for their efforts to secure of our nation.”
27897	"We have to understand that purging does not simply occur because someone has died or has moved out of the state," Abrams said, adding that then-Secretary of State Kemp purged hundreds of thousands of voters from the rolls.
27898	We have to win."
27899	“We have two main protagonists who are people of colour, and the whole friendship group is a mixture of ethnicities.”
27900	We have unfortunately lost this priceless status that made all of us very proud.
27901	We have witnessed this in some African markets that we have been assisting with IFRS 17 implementation, like Malawi.
27902	"We have written to the Government of Liberia calling for a public hearing at the National Legislature so that we can prove publicly that Liberia was and still is an American Colony."
27903	We hear that prisons are only releasing those at the end of their sentence or inmates who pose no danger to the public.
27904	“We hit opposition in that big white building with the dome at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue every time we tried."
27905	We honour the victims by preserving factual accuracy,” it tweeted.
27906	We hope he’s able to get his scrotum taken care of soon.
27907	We hope our research will help local authorities build a solid business case for the urgent change required.
27908	"We hope that he will be able to drink soon, with a straw to start with," they added.
27909	We hope that if you’re staying home with others they have not used their ample time indoors to make you the victim of an elaborate April Fools’ prank.
27910	We hope that people will buy a t-shirt to help this charity initiative and we look forward to seeing everyone again in 2021!”
27911	We hope that this will lead to a fruitful discussion about the future of their church.”
27912	We hope that you will continue to support Zeitgeist and give us your thoughts to continuously improve the project in the years going forward.
27913	We hope they don't do something else to us such as open up a non-compliance claim.
27914	We hope to see you at the theatre this spring, virtually or physically!”
27915	"We however have a lot to improve on in the defense before leaving for the championship.
27916	We include academics, teachers, civil servants, people whom as a class can ride out a storm and not be affected by it.
27917	Weiner later worked for both The Anti-Defamation League and the AmeriCares Foundation.
27918	We in government of course have a responsibility, but so does every single person.
27919	Weinstein has denied the allegations and said any sexual encounters were consensual.
27920	Weinstein is a vicious, serial sexual predator, who used his power to threaten, rape, assault, trick, humiliate and silence his victims.
27921	Weinstock said Sunday evening that he was “very pleased” with Roberge’s public apology.
27922	We interview The Boys season 2 stars Karen Fukuhara and Tomer Capon about what's in store for their characters, Kimiko and Frenchie this season.
27923	"We Judges must lead by example in this connection.
27924	"We just don't know the degree of terribleness."
27925	“We just don’t know which one yet.“
27926	"We just encourage to people that if they do encounter a downed tree, there may be some power lines entangled in the tree, so treat it as live until power companies are out.
27927	We just need reps.”
27928	We just raised $1.2 million.
27929	“We just want to be back at the spa when it opens again.”
27930	We kind of figured this news was coming, but it's official today as Super Nintendo World will not be opening in 2020.
27931	“We knew exactly what we needed,” Alburov said.
27932	"We knew he had it about ten days before he passed away, but my grandfather has been very ill for the last six months to a year and in and out of hospital, so in the end it was that.
27933	“We knew that we were just as talented as them,” Rakowsky said.
27934	“We know from experience how agile the council can be because it is a small authority.
27935	"We know it is a sophisticated state-based cyber actor because of the scale and nature of the targeting and the trade craft used."
27936	We know our municipal partners are committed to do their part to create jobs and support Albertans through this challenging economic time.
27937	We know that most veterans who die by suicide aren’t currently receiving VA care at the time of their death, and this is our challenge: How do we reach all Veterans when not all our veterans are using VA?
27938	We know that sounds, smells, tastes and visuals, such as bright lights, can be uncomfortable, especially for children on the autism spectrum.”
27939	We know that the coronavirus has been transported by people traveling from one place to another on planes, but we don’t know exactly how many people have contracted the virus on a plane, epidemiologists and aviation experts said.
27940	We know tribunals are never a pleasant experience for anyone involved.
27941	"We know we have had introductions of the virus throughout the state and we have seen how it can amplify quite quickly in the context of south-western Sydney outbreak what concerns me is do we have clusters anywhere else that are currently undetected."
27942	We know what we have to deal with.
27943	“We know why they don’t want John Bolton to testify: It’s not because we don’t know what really happened here, they just don’t want the American people to hear it in all its ugly, graphic detail.”
27944	"We know you don't want to crunch government spending at the end of this.
27945	We know you're practically harassing your mail carrier for your ballot so you can vote right away.
27946	Welcome news, surely, for your average single-parent family crammed into a windowless cupboard in a hastily-converted gym, swimming pool, or still-moist ex-meat-packing factory?
27947	Welcome to mediocrity, Patriots.
27948	Welcome to the News Corp and Nine decision to summarily shutter Australian Associated Press (AAP) on June 26, ending 85 years of history and jeopardising 600 media jobs.
27949	WeLead Caribbean has announced its fourth annual Women’s Empowerment Conference under the theme “DisruptHER.”
27950	“We live in a multicultural democracy today, and it didn’t just suddenly happen,” Cahill said.
27951	"We live in a very humid and damp environment so humidity — or high humidity — can be stressful and can be challenging for some growers."
27952	We live in a world where the President of the United States spreads baseless conspiracy theories on a regular basis.
27953	We’ll also take pricing into account and what you get for it.
27954	We'll answer “why” for the last of those in a minute.
27955	“We’ll be small maybe six of us otherwise it probably would have been 20,” said shopper Debbie Snow.
27956	We'll be watching for storms here this afternoon.
27957	Well blow me down, the children were delightful, the food looked delicious and the judges were graceful.
27958	“We’ll bring Butts in for Talia,” Nicks told media on Friday.
27959	"We'll bring together the best minds, the best science that this country has to offer and we’ll work with our friends and allies across the world to do so," he promised.
27960	We’ll discuss in more depth tomorrow on the show!
27961	"Well done 'human rights woman' your short video is the best public health message I’ve seen all year.
27962	“We’ll do what we can for them (casuals).
27963	Well, do you have a particular cocktail as an alcohol salesperson to celebrate a win?
27964	Well, every year on the Fourth of July!
27965	Well, facts matter.
27966	Well, first, let me say that the DEL, the top ice hockey league in Germany, is a league to be taken seriously.
27967	“We’ll have non-alcoholic drinks and lots of soft drinks for guests.
27968	Wellhead and well plinth have been made ready for well control operation.
27969	Well, he is in a mood!
27970	Well, he isn’t any respecter of boundaries – given he climbed a farmer’s fence to pitch a tent in a field next to his holiday cottage.
27971	Well, how about that: the world isn’t as cartoonish as Team Apocalypse thinks.
27972	Well, if you don't qualify to be shot into space to leave Ohio you gotta make the best of it.
27973	Well, I haven’t worked it out yet!
27974	Well, imagine yourself with an overnight holiday somewhere besides the shore.
27975	Well, it wasnâ€™t true at all.
27976	We'll just take-er down to the grocery store on a lark.
27977	Well Kayleigh, you make a great point.
27978	We’ll kick things off with one of our favorite photos from our Axis Pharmacy family.
27979	We’ll let you know when those details are shared, so stay tuned for more.
27980	Well, maybe my hair!
27981	Well, most of the audience also believe that there can never be a better host than Big B for the quiz-based reality show.
27982	Well, most of what he shouted were expletives, but randomly thrown into the mix was Carell yelling, “Kelly Clarkson!”
27983	Well, now it’s a new year, and that means a new word.
27984	‘Well past his, I’m afraid,’ said Maria.
27985	“Well played Mr Don!” cries Barry Davies after an excellent advantage from the English referee.
27986	Well, right now it looks like that might be the only avenue for us to recover.
27987	Well, Rowland seems to have found.
27988	We’ll say he’s a tiny demon who is invisible.
27989	We’ll see which team comes to play as the Celtics get a rematch against the Pacers on Tuesday.
27990	We’ll see who cries foul when you try to shut down racist socialist groups.
27991	Well since the recent article about paper Mario the origami king came out.
27992	“Well since we have a little one, we are really jamming out to some dope Sesame Street jams.
27993	Well, that saves me a lot of fucking thinking,” “Damn.
27994	Well, that sign has survived three days, but to my dismay, my other sign has gone missing.
27995	Well, the Flight Attendant contacted people back at SFO, who found and retrieved the portfolio from TSA and promptly got it on another flight going to my destination.
27996	Well, the parliament is starting to wind down – there are a few spillover hearings for estimates tomorrow, but that is about it.
27997	Well, the reality is that it would set off a massive chain reaction in the 2020 draft.
27998	Well, they are the Garden State.
27999	Well… this should be interesting.
28000	Well we’re being spoilt today.
28001	"Well, we’re not going to let Nancy Pelosi use the rules of the Senate to her advantage," he said.
28002	Well, we’re the same as any other business.
28003	Well, we used to, in the before times.
28004	Well, what do you expect from a bunch of two-faced politicians?
28005	Well, what was meant to be a show of support from Nkechi was not reciprocated as Nengi's management called her out for being hypocritical.
28006	Well, you know, they're attempting to resolve it at the state and local level.
28007	Well, you’ll be capable of finding a wide range of cheap hotels, motels, and hostels, meaning that you’ll save more money for experiencing everything this nation has to give.
28008	We look critically at mythology, trying to justify; I thought why don’t I look at myself like that and do something based on my life.
28009	“We looked at it and said, if we want to preserve our model, we have got to focus our efforts on CFT and finishing the BOLC A tasks,” Sawyer added.
28010	We look forward to bringing this new map to the rest of the world starting with Europe later this year.”
28011	We look forward to Maryculter House continuing to be an important part of the River Dee community.”
28012	We look forward to supplying high-quality journalism to our affiliates.”
28013	“We look forward to working with the Ampol team in the years ahead,” said Mr Weir.
28014	We loved each other, we accepted each other, and we bonded with each other.
28015	“We made a short film “Never Lost” to honour the solidarity and resilience of so many people coming together during this time.
28016	We made that decision but you never know how they are going to cope.
28017	“We make this demand because it is clear that the tide favours Eyitayo Jegede in this election,” Ologbondiyan said.
28018	"We may have barbed wire.
28019	We may not be able to understand what he created; he may not, either.
28020	We may sometimes feel weary as leaders, but the task we have at hand is not anything that I or we as NDC can give up along the way.
28021	We may want to see what's going on.
28022	We might not be going on holiday any time soon, but there’s nothing wrong with stocking up your wardrobe – especially if you can get things cheaper in the January sales.
28023	We missed countless opportunities to learn from mistakes, to fix problems, to expand equality and prosperity, to foster a belief in shared destiny.
28024	We move between the protesters and the event, though the latter scenes are too self-consciously caricatured to work as an effective critique of sexist beauty standards.
28025	We moved with the heavy breeze like the days, the journey of six hours now turns to ten hours.
28026	“We must all be willing to collectively learn and react quickly to mistakes made within our movement.
28027	We must all roll up our sleeves, be creative with alternatives, leverage the resources and talent within the state, create a multifaceted plan that works for the many stakeholders.
28028	We must be pure.
28029	We must be united in our approach to addressing this challenge.”
28030	“We must get the black athletes if we’re going to compete.”
28031	“We must guard against restricting education excessively,” she said.
28032	We must have a fundamental review of how such decisions in our party are made.
28033	We must listen to them now.
28034	We must match the scale of the economic and climate crises with the courage to invest £150 billion over three years in a Green Recovery Plan for green jobs in all parts of our country.”
28035	We must protect Grenada’s endangered species.
28036	We must radically disavow evil; nothing half-hearted will do.
28037	We must remain vigilant.
28038	Wendo said she had taken her son in after being contacted by his friends, who said he had started acting out.
28039	Wendy Peel’s PROGRESS in Lending Trailblazers profile can be viewed at https://mymortgagemindset.
28040	We need a between the tackles type.
28041	We need a productive, thoughtful plan that balances reopening the economy and safety of each and every Texan.
28042	“We need a spirit of victory, a spirit that will carry us to our rightful place under the sun, a spirit which can recognize that we, as inheritors of a proud civilization, are entitled to our rightful place on this planet.
28043	“We needed more vaccinators,” she said.
28044	We need faith and work to survive in life.
28045	“We need food and water now.
28046	We need help and we need it now," Ms Power added.
28047	We need hope, we need faith but the best of these is love.
28048	“We need lawmakers to be at the negotiating table, not on August recess,” she tweeted.
28049	We need our own party completely independent of corporate money that will fight alongside our movement, instead of against it.
28050	We need six months on hold whilst we sort this out, it should have been sorted years ago.
28051	We need somewhere to park and wondered if you could help?'
28052	We need the second part like yesterday https://t.
28053	“We need to accept people for who they are.
28054	We need to address Nigeria’s economic security and career advancement programs to adapt to occupational changes and new workplace realities.
28055	We need to adopt policies that recognise the value of foreign exchange and the need to use it responsibly and on a market-driven allocation basis.
28056	“We need to be safe and help each other,” Pemba said.
28057	“We need to be there as government provide incentives,” he said.
28058	We need to capture that before and after.
28059	We need to do the same for our employees and want to recognize how appreciative we are of their extraordinary service.”
28060	We need to educate voters about participation in the political process during midterm, special and presidential elections.
28061	We need to follow Covid guidelines irrespective of the political party we belong to.
28062	"We need to make sure we work on the basis of the intensification they propose and I prefer to look forward in optimism rather than look back in anger."
28063	We need to offer them protection.'
28064	We need to pray in a congregation where you can smell the perfume of the person next to you, warmly greet each other with a hug.
28065	“We need to turn that broadband inside out,” he said.
28066	“We need to understand when there are times in the game that it is starting to turn to the other team, we have to stay solid and look to the leaders in the group.
28067	We need to urgently help working families and those who’ve lost their jobs.
28068	“We need to work together this Halloween to protect Christmas and the holiday season this year.”
28069	We need you to join the galaxy’s finest.
28070	‘We never had a dry session … In all the years, we never walked away from a session saying, “Fuck it, we can’t write one.”
28071	We never will,” he said.
28072	We no longer pick corn after the Thanksgiving lunch, at least, we hope not to.
28073	We note in this connection that Carey v. United States, 132 Ct. Cl.
28074	“We noticed a whole bunch of shark teeth in the buoy,” MacDonald said.
28075	We now have the pay-off at the end.
28076	We now have the videophones that George and Judy used.
28077	“We obviously need to go when there is snow,” Katz said.
28078	We offer much more than just tree pruning and removal.
28079	We often read together, too, which is a great way to spend time.
28080	We often run into trouble when events conspire in our favor.
28081	"We only found out through media reports and our worst fears were realised when it was confirmed last week.
28082	We only have circumcision starting in August and running throughout the year," he said.
28083	“We only observe that the elderly people should be given priority in the admission in the government hospital looking to their vulnerability for COVID-19.
28084	We opened the box live and these are resealed boosters.
28085	We opposed that when Chiluba brought NIKUV, we have many IT and computer systems experts.
28086	We outline the steps that can be taken as epidemic transmission is brought under control in different regions.
28087	We owe it to each other, the life you save could be your own or someone you love.
28088	We own a 2.0% Net Smelter Royalty (NSR) on ~20% of the La Fortuna deposit, which is already >1 billion tonnes of reserves and resources.
28089	“We paid a disruption in our lives, in our kids’ education,” Curtatone said.
28090	“We plan to complete it by 2021 as per our target,” said Yadav.
28091	"We plan to line up all the items to help you make the decisions," Grieves told trustees.
28092	“We plan to speak with him and his agent over the next couple of days.”
28093	We pray and hope that George Floyd’s death will not be in vain but will bring an end to prejudice and racial discrimination across the world,” Gyasi said.
28094	“We probably meet face-to-face several times in a year,” Intel’s Fredrik Hamberger told Digital Trends, speaking of its close relationship with manufacturers.
28095	“We propose to work closely with the federal government to responsibly take the necessary steps, including additional bio-security measures if appropriate, to ensure that the upcoming summer travel season is not entirely lost,” the letter reads.
28096	We rate the line at 5 out of 10 based on the turbo-4 engine in the XF 25t.
28097	“We’re acutely aware of our responsibilities to the people who use our service and to society more generally.
28098	We realized the US knows exactly where she is.
28099	We realized we have one world.
28100	We realize that.”
28101	We’re all eagerly awaiting to restart Riverside’s economy.
28102	We're all going to end up looking like Captain Caveman by the end of this'.
28103	“We’re all home and creates different feelings and we want these kids to feel extra special,” Churchfield said.
28104	“We’re all in the same boat and … we need to work together.
28105	We’re all used to it now, but at the time, getting a video stream from your phone to your (HDMI-enabled) TV set with a couple of taps felt almost like magic.
28106	“We’re all willing to take a good hard look at everything, including ourselves,” Gardner said.
28107	"We really thought - for the role he played the last years now - he deserves to be in that spot at that moment (when Liverpool lift the trophy).
28108	"We really wanted an intimate feel for the video since the meaning and message are so dear to us," the Goses tell The Boot.
28109	“We’re already seeing wholesale prices above the five-year average, but we’re also producing more chicken than last year,” he said.
28110	We’re also trying to highlight employers with certain policies related to protections at work, including Covid-19 safety protections that people might not have thought about before this year.
28111	“We’re a small rural community with a small rural hospital, limited places to shop for groceries and pharmaceuticals,” he told CTV’s Your morning on Tuesday.
28112	We’re back on October 22 and for a while we didn’t know how it was going to work.
28113	“We received a call just before noon for an alarm activation at the Cove Resort,” Chad Gartrell, assistant fire chief for West Kelowna Fire Rescue, told Global News.
28114	We recently had a wonderful day moving soil from the Shumei Gardens in preparation for planting.
28115	“We recognize that singing is a challenge,” said Jason Batt, the church’s chief operating officer.
28116	We recommend the use of Healy Device to the readers of this article.
28117	We recommend using the four Internet-based strategies that are described in this article.
28118	“We’re constantly evolving and learning,” he said.
28119	We’re covering plans as new information and deals surface.
28120	We’re done with the tweets, the anger, the hate, the failure, the irresponsibility,” said Biden.
28121	“We’re excited to expand Tubi’s device footprint to include Hisense televisions with the new Vidaa platform, continuing our mission to make entertainment more accessible to everyone,” Tubi chief product officer Michael Ahiakpor said.
28122	“We’re facing such an incredibly devastating time ahead that anything we can do to change the dynamic for us and for other members of the DC food and beverage community, we’re doing,” Carusone says.
28123	“We’re focused on the fact that the tightness, the crowdedness and the intimacy of postgame availability may need to be adjusted while we’re focusing on the coronavirus,“ Bettman said.
28124	We're fortunate, we have four starters coming back.”
28125	“We’re going home boys!”
28126	We're going to be putting out a survey this week asking our teachers: Now that we know what the model is and here's what it's gonna look like for you, can you let us know if you feel confident returning?
28127	We’re going to complain about it.
28128	“We’re going to keep watching those numbers and doing the tests,” the governor added.
28129	We’re going to need 25m EV chargers by 2050 – that’s nearly 1m million a year – in people’s driveways, on streets, at work and supermarkets, on the road network,” Anderson said.
28130	We’re going to provide that and then some here.”
28131	“We’re going to the weddings of our students and we’re teaching the kids of former students.
28132	“We’re going to try to get creative in times like this,” he said.
28133	We're gonna all need each other, so it was not a Brexit or anything like that.
28134	'We regret publishing a photo this morning that cropped out Ugandan climate activist Vanessa Nakate, the only person of color in the photo.
28135	"We're hoping they're open to Addin attending one of their forthcoming board meetings, COVID protocols pending, to apologise in person."
28136	“We’re hyper-consumers of that information, but the general population is not necessarily,” Welsh said.
28137	Were I an American born criminal, I would sue for equal rights—I should be able to avoid arrest by staying in a courthouse, just as an illegal alien can.
28138	“Were I hungry, I would not tell you, for Mine is the world and all it holds.
28139	“We’re incredibly grateful to local companies like Findlay Automotive Group for supporting this communitywide event,” said Debbie Smith, the American Heart Association’s executive director in Las Vegas.
28140	We’re joined by a couple of the other artists who are also present for Gallery Night.
28141	We’re just going to build on that.”
28142	"We're keeping on it."
28143	"We're kind of jumped on by every employee."
28144	“We’re like the red-headed stepchild in other groups.”
28145	“We’re looking at doing it on the international flights coming out of areas that are heavily infected,” Trump said Tuesday at the White House.
28146	“We’re lucky to have it, and we want people to take advantage of it.”
28147	"We're negotiating the future relationship and we hear that the British Government seems not to believe anymore in a rules-based order.
28148	We renew our offer to release a Saudi pilot and five soldiers as a part of this deal.
28149	“We’re not even covering some City Hall things, which we miss.”
28150	“We’re not even putting brochures in mailboxes.
28151	We’re not focused on what we need to be focused on.”
28152	We’re not going to close the country.”
28153	We're not going to let them get into a difficult circumstance that they cannot handle."
28154	“We’re not just a law enforcement agency; we go to great lengths to protect life,” he said.
28155	We’re not quite finished yet, MAFS-lovers!
28156	We’re not sure what she’s been eating as she would normally eat trill and millet seeds.
28157	We're not talking about games.
28158	We're not trying to add more numbers to that."
28159	We’re only a quarter of the way through the Houston Astros’ revenge tour!
28160	"We're only as safe and healthy as the least safe and healthy person in our community," Carleton says.
28161	We’re only getting a look at the EVPs, Chief Brand Officer, and Le Champeon so far.
28162	We’re only here because we can just go home.
28163	"We're on the rise, man," he said.
28164	We’re out with the dogs for the last walk of the day.
28165	“We’re peaking at the right time,” Meyer said.
28166	We repeatedly reached out to them hoping to get back on track, but to no avail.
28167	“We’re playing a really good football team, we had a really good practice today, and the guys have great energy, and they’re excited.
28168	We’re playing for them, not only us,” Flaherty said.
28169	“We’re pleased to see that even amid a global pandemic, we can still balance our goal of 0 per cent tax increases with no major cuts to services,” Mayor Kim Craig said in a statement on Friday.
28170	We're pretty humbled by the whole gig."
28171	We're pretty par for that course for now, but we're still seeing some model inconsistency.
28172	"We're probably going to have a lot of people looking for jobs when we need jobs as we continue moving forward,” Dunn said.
28173	We’re proud to be leading this movement nationwide and to celebrate with you this day.”
28174	"We request people to follow the rules but they just don't listen, the religious preachers are not obeying too," said Jailani Farhad, a spokesman for Herat's provincial governor.
28175	“We’re really hoping if we follow these steps correctly we’d be in line for any kind of grants the future holds,” Brian Jones, the county’s IT director, told the Worcester County Commissioners last week.
28176	“We’re really just trusting them.”
28177	We're really thankful again about public-private partnership, the federal government giving some moneys out to local nonprofits around the nation to build up those services.
28178	We’re referring to the havoc the COVID-19 pandemic has wreaked on all our lives.
28179	We're seasonal residents.'
28180	We’re seeing a much broader range of titles.
28181	We’re seeing concerns ranging from where to find workers, to will they stay healthy, all while managing supply and distribution complications.
28182	“We resolve and intend to go on till lawful power command us the contrary,” Godfrey informed their superiors.
28183	“We’re still getting a newspaper out every day,” Mr. Purton, the editor in Worcester, said.
28184	“We’re still wrapping our heads around it,” says Alexis Buchanan, its development manager.
28185	We’re stylish and we have that young sense of life tooWe want to be able to do so many things and stay in power.
28186	We’re surprised that Republicans, who are in a super-minority, would want to stay in the Capitol, given their final strategy was to run out the clock on the worst bills that made it to the Senate floor.
28187	“We're taking things very seriously.
28188	We're talking about using humans to do that sort of fighting entertainment and all those people were considered slaves."
28189	We're talking, debating a matter that one day we'll see whether it was historical truth.
28190	We’re talking millions of dollars of YOUR money, here.
28191	“We’re taught very early on that team and teamwork is very important, and so to be able to celebrate this with my classmates, it’s an overwhelming feeling of just being proud and happy that we all made it.”
28192	“We’re the most resilient conference and have always reinvented ourselves to get better.”
28193	Were there any of those unique little guys that you found most interesting?
28194	Were they caring for the elderly?”
28195	“We’re trying to survive.”
28196	"we're two days away from the end of session, and so there is starting to be talk about it but at the same time, our hands are kind of tied in what we can actually do right now."
28197	“We’re very disappointed,” said Wyoming Area athletic director Joe Pizano, who is also an assistant football coach.
28198	“We’re very, very pleased to see the reaction to this album,” he says.
28199	Were WHO and Tedros so beholden to China politically that they ignored a serious health warning from a credible country just because Beijing regards it as a 'renegade province'?
28200	“We risk a lot right now,” he said.
28201	Werner is a veteran having held every store level and operations management position within Team Car Care, most recently serving as Executive Vice President of Operations.
28202	We saw a kid bleeding and the coyote about 15 feet away and it ran into the bush.
28203	We saw yesterday he gave a short run to India, which just wasn’t a short run.
28204	We see flu outbreak quite often.
28205	We see how political will can be utilized to address the legacy of racism by the removal of Confederate monuments around the country.
28206	We separated from each other that day because I tested negative that day.
28207	We serve a diverse Parish and each individual community has differing needs,” added Madison.
28208	We set ambushes on the road, but when it was clear that the Germans would break through, we took to the hills.
28209	"We set out a list of shops which could remain open and if the shops are on that list then they are free to sell whatever they have in stock," the prime minister's official spokesman said.
28210	“We shall also give loans to the IDPs so that they can go back to their businesses.
28211	We shall continue to support the Black Lives Matter movement and the fight for greater equality for all in football."
28212	We shall reinstate our rating as we get clarity by 1HFY21E.
28213	We share this film with families that we also hope will find a reason to come together in appreciation for the great American values that President Jimmy Carter embodies: Truth, Justice…. and Rock & Roll.”
28214	“We should all be working together.
28215	We should, however, accept that, under the circumstances, players in the GPL ply their trade, they would always leave for better experiences abroad to improve their lives.
28216	We should keep our fingers crossed and see how other companies will release their performance to the market and see how the market will react.
28217	"We should not be talking about winners and losers.
28218	We should not break our cycle, having a routine for your meals and sleep is also equally important.
28219	We should not put them in boxes as the best, the worst, funniest, or anything.
28220	We should not use it to support our foreign exchange.
28221	“We shouldn’t be afraid of the pandemic, we should attack it with good policy and be the safest place,” Lieutenant Governor Green said.
28222	We should reconsider the value of traditional police patrols — the practice of officers being unsystematically sent to neighborhoods to deter crime or “catch” offenders as they commit crimes.
28223	We should stay home, wash and sanitize our hands constantly, wear surgical masks in public, keep a six-foot distance from others, avoid touching our faces, and seek prompt medical attention if we believe we’ve been infected.
28224	We should support the corona warriors including medical and para-medical fraternity to set an example for others to follow and fight against this pandemic,” he said.
28225	We should use these murals as a way to process our 2020 experience.
28226	We should watch the results closely.
28227	We show that it can be advantageous to mobilize and strategize around a joint, streamlined narrative of past experiences, but that with reduced complexity comes the risk of blind spots.
28228	We simply don’t know their teams.
28229	Weslaco, Texas– A homeowner is now facing murder charges after shooting a man she claims was burglarizing her home.
28230	“We sort of thought that you couldn’t win, as a woman.”
28231	We spoke to the owner of Creole Soul restaurant here about the reopening and the restaurant industry during pic.
28232	West Africa has ditched its colonial currency.
28233	We start to realize that we are still here.
28234	We stay at home during the pandemic because we are obliged not to transmit the virus to others, not because others have chosen to stay home.
28235	West Columbia Council members say masks will have to be worn inside any venue open to the general public.
28236	West End Garage was opened in 1969 by Donald Dunne, a former oil company representative who took over the petrol station on the border with Bisley and inherited a car dealership.
28237	Western block which comprises of Western Ghats of Maharashtra (Sahyadri hills) and areas of adjoining Deccan.
28238	Western Cape health head of department Dr Keith Cloete has said their data for the province revealed that 42% of people living with diabetes who were hospitalised for Covid-19 had died.
28239	WEST FARGO — Family members who lost loved ones in a double-fatal crash north of West Fargo on Friday, Oct. 16, are hoping changes will be on the way for that intersection at Cass County roads 20 and 17.
28240	West Footscray resident Remi Pham says he understands why they must go into lockdown.
28241	West Ham began to look threatening and Burnley goalkeeper Nick Pope had to block a volley from Tomas Soucek and keep out ’s angled drive with his feet.
28242	West Ham manager David Moyes was upset with the decision to award Salah a penalty after his reaction to contact in the box.
28243	We still have to see what impact the price hike will have on prices of other goods and services, but there is no doubt that the new scheme widens the gap between those who have access to dollars and those who don’t.
28244	West Indies star import Stafanie Taylor top scored for Adelaide with 30 runs off 16 deliveries.
28245	West lived alone and used a wheelchair.
28246	“We streamlined our menu and offered bulk and family meals and options.
28247	West sings, “Lie number two, everybody’s life is perfect except yours.
28248	West slope cutthroat trout are considered a threatened species.
28249	“We surveyed 1200 players last year and 81% of them said that their hurley broke along the grain through the bas.
28250	“We sympathise with you, we don’t encourage this and we don’t believe that any media organisation should be attacked.
28251	“We take every action necessary to ensure our customers receive reliable, uninterrupted service,” Everbridge told The Times in an email.
28252	“We talk about everything that you’d expect a normal person to talk about, but it’s through an Asian lens, so there’s not a lot of context that needs to be given,” Ronnie Mok said.
28253	We talked about puck management tonight and how important that is.
28254	“We talked about the law all the time at home.
28255	We talk it out.
28256	Wet and windy weather is set to continue across much of the UK early this week before giving way to brighter and warmer conditions, with a possible high of 30C in the southeast by Friday.
28257	We thank FAM for the generosity.”
28258	We then discovered a cluster linked to this variant spreading rapidly into London and Essex,” the agency said.
28259	We therefore appeal to them to give peace a chance as more effort is being made to address the only two monetary issues that is in their agitation.”
28260	We think it important that as people who are carrying messages to our consumers and the public, we provide responsible messaging, along with those messages.”
28261	“We think of corn refining as not just ethanol but really biorefining,” she said.
28262	“We think that having exposure to value before that turn makes sense, given that we’ve just seen a massive response, faster and larger than what was seen in the 2008 financial crisis.
28263	“We thought it was very important to put out an interim name so that no location was associated with the name,” Maria van Kerkhove, a W.H.O. epidemiologist, told the body’s executive board on Friday.
28264	“We thought it would be pretty cool to live out here, and it has been,” Horvath said.
28265	We thought these tips would help.
28266	We throw up our hands and say “there’s nothing else that can be done!” and conveniently ignore all the other first world societies that have solved the problems.
28267	“We told them very clearly that the case has been registered under IPC Section 304-A.
28268	We took an initial position at $144 which we will increase at prices below the indicated current buy level.
28269	“We tried to keep our plan as simple and straightforward as possible to avoid adding any undue stress to our students and families.”
28270	We try to ensure that each one of our guests has a night to remember with friends and family.”
28271	“We typically get called on the worst day of someone’s life,” Lane said.
28272	We understand it to be more of a movement or maybe you could call it an ideology.”
28273	“We understand the critical role loans play in helping SMEs looking to take their businesses to the forefront of the market.
28274	“We urged those that were poised to make political capital out of the abduction to give up their game since unlike other times the entire world is united in joy at the boys regaining their freedom.
28275	We urge Kenyans to continue adhering to all government measures aimed at fighting Coronavirus to ensure we return to normalcy as soon as possible.”
28276	"We urge our citizens to respect the rule of law and we discourage artisanal miners to go to other premises for mining," he said.
28277	“We urge school district leaders to step in and fill this leadership vacuum to keep Texas children and educators safe, particularly as pockets of our state face rising COVID-19 outbreaks.
28278	“We urge the government to help us, so that we can be paid…so they can help us arrange with the health companies to pay us,” said nurse Andres Merchan.
28279	“We urge you to immediately investigate both individuals’ past statements and to terminate their employment at USAID should these reports be accurate,” they wrote.
28280	We urge you to keep this up and we want you to know we are always here to partner with you.”
28281	“We urge you to secure the unconditional and immediate release of Mr. al-Haidar and facilitate his and Ms. al-Yousef’s return to the United States.
28282	We used to be the cantankerous old coot at the constitutional garden party.
28283	We’ve also been utilizing this time to fine tune and strengthen a few business verticals, focused on greater value addition to consumers through our service offerings.
28284	We've also seen the suggestion that the Note 20+ will have a 4500mAh battery, which doesn't come as much surprise.
28285	“We’ve altered our menu to allow it to be executable by fewer people, and obviously massively updated our cleaning policies and regiment,” he said.
28286	We’ve been all over the shop.
28287	We've been conditioned since childhood not to be tattle-tales.
28288	We've been getting weird weather here lately, including a random thunder storm last Sunday that absolutely drenched us for 1/2 an hour.
28289	We've been hiring staffing, buying additional delivery trucks.
28290	"We've been hovering around 30% when the national average is about 50," said state Department of Corrections Commissioner Marcus Hicks.
28291	“We’ve been preparing for this for well over a year,” said Republican National Committee Chief Counsel Justin Riemer.
28292	We’ve been proactively engaging with all our consumers on the host of measures that we have already adopted to provide them an even more seamless and safer living experience, than before.
28293	We’ve been really consistent.
28294	We’ve been talking all quarantine, I got a chance to watch a lot of games over the quarantine, so yeah, I think I’m more comfortable.
28295	“We’ve been the most active player on the consolidation of the book publishing market in the last 10 years.”
28296	We’ve been trying to get out of our neighborhood a little bit because Chelsea’s gotten a lot more crowded.
28297	"We've been very open with them," Mtatiro said.
28298	“We’ve collected samples from her body and sent them to DNA and microbiology labs for tests,” he added.
28299	We’ve compiled a list of the best refrigerator brands that offer high tech, durable, and attractive refrigerators.
28300	We've convinced many people who could very well afford to drive to take transit.
28301	We’ve embraced televised production aspects as part of the show,” says the director, who also works in video production.
28302	We’ve entered these cities on the back of strong market demand and are already recording pre-bookings from there.
28303	We’ve got a high level of confidence.”
28304	“We’ve got a multibillion-dollar project underway in Phase I, certainly we’ve been in consultation with people throughout the community in particular people in the downtown community about the best use for this site, so we didn’t want to rush it.”
28305	We’ve got an unbelievable wealth of franchises and content that we can create to put on places like Disney+ or in movie theaters.
28306	“We’ve got four or five young corners who we’re kind of intrigued by,” Raiders general manager Mike Mayock told NBC Sports.
28307	We’ve got so much work to do.
28308	We've got to finish off this list talking about the best Pikachu meme (yes it is) combined with one of the most relatable things that every overly curious person has seen themselves doing.
28309	We’ve had a total of two clients since March — a father and daughter who were receiving medical treatment in Paris.”
28310	“We’ve had sessions at our teachers institute and professional days where we’ve introduced (coding) and basically just through word of mouth, more people are taking the risks and then they share the resources.
28311	We’ve had the alien for 12 years.”
28312	"We've had to turn quite a few people away unfortunately," said bartender Andrea Hughes."
28313	We’ve likely all heard about ‘Zoom bombing’, where uninvited guests enter or eavesdrop on Zoom meetings and calls.
28314	We've lived under this administration for four years, whereas in 2016, you know, the comedy presented itself more.
28315	We’ve lost 29 businesses.
28316	“We’ve lost our son, we’ll never see our son again and they are still going to be young men able to come out and continue to live in the way they choose.”
28317	We've loved all of the digital banners from our artists.
28318	We’ve loved doing stories on her many talents and accomplishments over the years.”
28319	“We’ve made numerous attempts to get updated information, and when we get further word on its availability, we will immediately keep our members apprised of the new date and the method of distribution.”
28320	“We’ve now demonstrated that we can actively trap, track, find the nest, and take it out,” Sven-Erik Spichiger, an entomologist with the Washington State Department of Agriculture, said in a virtual press conference on Monday.
28321	We’ve Now Given Away 25 American Flags to Listeners; More To Come Next Week!
28322	“We’ve only explored maybe 5 percent of the deep sea.
28323	We've ranked his ten greatest movies.
28324	We’ve recently reported on LockBit using this tactic.
28325	We’ve seen business owners beaten and a security guard at a St. Louis pawn shop shot and killed by people who, presumably, started out “only” wanting to destroy and steal property.
28326	“We’ve seen some similarities, but there are a lot of differences that you have to watch each week going into it.”
28327	“We’ve thought this through with health and safety being our No. 1 priority,” Epstein added.
28328	“We view Belarus as a sovereign state.
28329	We volunteer our time only for the gratification that our mutual contributions succeed in improving Flagler Executive Airport.
28330	We want a larger canopy.
28331	“We want answers,” Roberto Rice said.
28332	“We wanted China to grow.
28333	We wanted our first episode after Oliver’s death to be one that honors Oliver.
28334	We wanted this opportunity in a sweet 16 game to make a play.
28335	We wanted to get the assurance that we would have the dollars,” she said.
28336	We wanted to go to the party and bust the punk rock piñata.
28337	"We wanted to take the opportunity to expand the things that we could tell people while they're kind of a captive audience, like getting gasoline.
28338	We want everyone to have their needs met.
28339	“We want our children to grow up to be anti-racist, to accept difference with understanding and respect.
28340	We want the Migrant Justice Platform.”
28341	We want them to be heard, we want them to feel safe, we want them to feel listened to because I know that is something I have heard going on time and time again,” Deleon said.
28342	We want to check the right boxes, but we’re scared to do the work that would mean that change becomes real.
28343	We want to emphasize the importance of recommended CDC guidelines to reduce the spread and flatten the curve, including washing hands, staying home and social distancing.”
28344	‘We want to make him happy, to make him feel like coming back to his second home on the aircraft,’ said Luu Hoang Minh, deputy head of Vietnam Airlines’ flight crew Division 919, where Cameron used to work.
28345	“We want to make it clear to anyone who attempts to threaten victims, to go after witnesses, and intimidate our officers, that they will not succeed.
28346	We want to make sure we do it right the first time.”
28347	We want to make sure we have the resources to help every single one of these people."
28348	“We want to move both of them at the same time.
28349	“We want to offer more French courses, we want to better integrate, but we cannot accept all the refugees on the planet.”
28350	"We want to use this one song demo as a fundraiser for two of our long time colleagues and friends Andy Parmann and the X-Ray Arcade and Shane Merrill at Empire Productions.
28351	“We want Venice to house an international water agency which studies the effects of climate change, so that we apply the lessons learned here to find solutions that work elsewhere in the world.”
28352	We want you to know that help is available.
28353	We watched for about five minutes until cloud obscured them.’
28354	We watch plays all day and have my conservative sensibilities abused mightily.
28355	“We welcome the refugees,” said Supervisor Dianne Jacob.”
28356	“We were able to get out to the lead.”
28357	We were actually profitable from day one, thanks to the revenue generated by the consulting and services side of our business.
28358	We were at Universal the day before they shut down.
28359	We were forced to learn and adapt day-by-day, and at times, hour-by-hour.
28360	We were fortunate to be granted a civilian position within the department that will serve as a caseworker connecting the many services in Rowan County with the people in need to prevent future victimization and stabilize their housing situation.”
28361	"We were going to train all the way from January to June to get ready for AJ, but I was dealing with a recurring issue with my elbow,” he explained.
28362	“We were hoping for a little relief on the demand over the weekend, but these temperatures are holding steady, and understandably, people want relief,” Gonzales said.
28363	We were hoping that wouldn’t happen.
28364	"We were just given access to the app and told, 'Play around in there a little bit,' and that was about as much training as we got," Brown told NPR's Rachel Martin.
28365	We were lucky to grow up where we did, around lakes and forests and beaches, where at least we could get some of that holiday feeling at home.
28366	“We were not nearly as prepared for this void in one-on-one education,” she said of the technology gap that loomed large in the spring.
28367	“We were packed Saturday,” she said.
28368	"We were playing against the All Blacks and the game was starting, but then Diego came out," Ledesma said.
28369	We were preparing for this inevitability and were able to start serving the community within one day of the mandatory shut down.
28370	We were quite comfortable within the ‘Lakshman rekhas’ we sketched around ourselves.
28371	“We were reading books that didn’t seem relevant to me.
28372	“We were ready to be in it yesterday.”
28373	We were there during Mortimer’s drop off at the Concentra Urgent Care on South Boulevard.
28374	"We were there this morning," Bob Mueller said Thursday.
28375	“We were trained.
28376	We were walking around life with blindfolds on, and now it feels like we have finally taken them off.”
28377	We will also put in place a system that will ensure that the main road contractors, are also paid, in due course.”
28378	"We will always be grateful to you."
28379	"We will be closing all of our retail stores outside of Greater China until March 27. We are committed to providing exceptional service to our customers.
28380	“We will be looking at how well we believe the current measures are working.
28381	We will be ready to respond due to this generous donation.”
28382	“We will celebrate October 26, the day when Maharaja Hari Singh signed the instrument of accession, as ‘Villai Diwas’ like Diwali and freedom celebration,” the BJP leader asserted.
28383	“We will clamp their criminal activities with professional investigation,” he added.
28384	We will come out of this as a family, and hopefully, we'll play baseball this spring and summer.
28385	We will conduct net asset purchases under the PEPP until at least the end of June 2021 and, in any case, until the Governing Council judges that the coronavirus crisis phase is over.
28386	We will continue implementing his directives for all Tanzanians to get better services," said Mr Siwa.
28387	“We will continue to build up staffing levels and surgical volume, both of which are essential for 24-7 obstetrics care at WLMH.”
28388	“We will continue to look for the right moment, in conjunction with our OEM partners, to bring dual-screen devices to market.”
28389	“We will continue to monitor the situation via SA Health I will keep our school community informed.”
28390	We will continue to monitor this developing situation and heed direction provided by the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the state Department of Health and other public health and administration officials.
28391	“We will … continue to work diligently so that all customers are treated properly and with respect.”
28392	“We will focus on cardiovascular and neuro-surgical implants,” said professor Balram, a scientist at Sree Chitra Tirunal Institute.
28393	We will have the official images of these up shortly!
28394	“We will have to prioritise,” she said in a speech to the London School of Economics university, warning of “tough talks ahead”.
28395	We will have to see how things go in November for a better sense of that.
28396	“We will have to watch the game back and listen to what Pep has to say.
28397	“We will keep you updated as the situation changes and look forward to seeing you at the JCC very soon.”
28398	We will make adjustments as permitted and required in response to evolving public health orders and guidelines,” added Keats.
28399	We will monitor these storms as they approach.
28400	We will need to expand student housing into new buildings and communities to reduce residential density.
28401	'We will not be going back to the 'old normal'.
28402	We will not hesitate to pull out our teams if we believe they are not safe, which will prolong the outages,” Mangena said.
28403	We will not look away if they commit a violation."
28404	We will observe how the environment changes with the ramp-up of industrial activities.
28405	We will still get infected at 6' distant.
28406	We will treasure our wonderful memories of him and he will always be with us in our hearts.”
28407	We will update you once we know more."
28408	'We will win this fight together!': Georgia governor celebrates lowest number of.
28409	We wondered how different the picture could be for small businesses and their owners.
28410	We wonder if Prince George will be watching.
28411	We wonder whether Apple could get around the problem by including a USB-C to Lightning adapter in the iPhone box.
28412	"We won't forget the German guilt," he added.
28413	We won’t get the scale of change required by simply exhorting people to do the right thing – climate-friendly choices need to be the ones that make most economic sense for individuals, for businesses and for farmers.
28414	We Wont Glorify Stealing Allegations of Donated COVID-19 Resources with a Response-Health.
28415	We won’t just show up singing and get started.
28416	“We won’t know until we start playing.
28417	“We work hard for this.
28418	We working hard to go live on Caviar for delivery and take-out within the next week and will be live on Toast App for take-out options online within 48 hours.
28419	We work to become, not to acquire.
28420	We work very closely together,"US President Donald J Trump interacting with business leaders in Delhi pic.
28421	“We would go in to try to talk to him about a pressing national security issue – cyberattack, terrorism threat – he wasn’t interested in those things.
28422	“We would have liked to get the three points today.
28423	We would like to plant as many trees as we can in streets and squares in order to clean the air and neutralize so-called heat islands.
28424	“We would’ve been packed screaming his name as he walked across the stage but today, he is standing on a greater stage than all of us,” his father says.
28425	Wexner has said he and Mr Epstein parted ways around 2007, the year after Florida prosecutors charged him with a sex crime.
28426	WeРђЎre trying to really do it for the fans, to give the most of what they want.
28427	What about all the millions who won't ever catch it?
28428	What about early season couples like Cortney Hendrix and Jason Carrion, Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone, Vanessa Nelson and Tres Russell, Sonia Granados and Nick Pendergrast, and Lillian Vilchez and Tom Wilson?
28429	What about inflation and taxation?
28430	Whataboutism is particularly associated with Soviet and Russian propaganda."
28431	What about Mater Dei?
28432	What about movie theaters, gyms, etc. In my opinion, every interior place should be shut down before you start closing open air spaces.
28433	What about Newton’s avoidance throwing right?
28434	What about OnePlus' other 2019 phones?
28435	What about the cost of the new facility to the taxpayers?
28436	What about those peanut butter stone rolled in black and orange wax paper.
28437	What a chance for Soucek!
28438	What a coronavirus model may look like.
28439	What a joke Eskom and it’s puppet masters are.
28440	What a joke of an appointment.
28441	What all this means is that Trump feared alienating U.S. consumers ahead of the presidential race.
28442	What a metaphor for a failing campaign - Trump throwing his own supporters, literally, under the bus.
28443	What an embarrassment to the entire police force of Japan.
28444	What a privilege, and what a challenge," she said.
28445	What are some of your favorite Usopp looks in the series?
28446	What are the conditions that lead to this happening here in the first place?
28447	What are the documents he would need to present to prove this.
28448	What are the rules for tier two?
28449	What are they looking to convey?
28450	What are they missing about a tabloid?
28451	What are we eating, and what’s it doing to us?
28452	What are Woadedblue com Reviews from the Users?
28453	“What are you doing?” he yelled, frightened that she had taken such a risk.
28454	“What are your questions?” he asked, before pushing back his chair and hanging up.
28455	What are your upcoming projects?
28456	What are you sleeping in and on?
28457	What a sad photo,it reminds me the soviet propaganda ones which people had to pretend to smile in their forced events and with a semi-desert audience.
28458	What a way to start 2020!”
28459	What a woman did to her boyfriend after she found out he…
28460	What became United Methodism was in many ways a mighty force for Gospel influence, where genuinely godly leaders often sought to remain faithful to doctrine and to be responsible stewards of American culture, to the extent they were able.
28461	What becomes of a boy who drinks an entire bottle of water from the miracle well at the House of the Virgin Mary in Ephesus?
28462	What brought them together for this project?
28463	What can I do that competition cannot.
28464	‘What can I do to make sure my teammates are better today?’
28465	What can re-open on July and what will have to remain closed?
28466	What can we learn when we put our differences aside and hear each other out?
28467	What Cribb thought was a median with road on the other side was actually the edge of the bridge.
28468	What did Amanda say about her fiance Paul?
28469	What did the trial deal with?
28470	What distinguishes from other recent output is how suspiciously its central conceit happens to be.
28471	What doctors are saying about coronavirus risks at Trump's New Hampshire rallyPresident Donald Trump's planned rally in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, has raised virus concerns among area medical experts.
28472	What does a negative COVID antibody test mean?
28473	What does being in quarantine mean?
28474	What does COVID-19 mean for the future of TV advertising?
28475	What does gratitude feel like?
28476	What does it all actually mean for the Eagles?
28477	What does it mean to love a God that feels so far away?
28478	What does she hope to accomplish if elected?: “Soon after being appointed to Sheriff in 2018 my staff and I started a strategic planning process to guide our priorities over the next five years.
28479	“What does that mean?
28480	What does that mean for us?
28481	What does this all mean for American workers, especially now that additional federal benefits have expired?
28482	What do they call it when you do the same things over & over and expecting a different result?
28483	What do you mean we don't have to wear those teeny-tiny ankle socks with our anymore?
28484	What do you think, could it reasonably be worth that much?
28485	What do you want?
28486	What drove him to live income-tax was his sheer passion for the subject.
28487	“What else is there for me to do?
28488	Whatever affects the poor will affect the rich in one way of the other.
28489	Whatever happens in the coming days in the United States, Netanyahu can at least look forward to Kunz's visit.
28490	Whatever has happened in the past, the Nile River and its future development and use are part of the American calculation for engagement with emerging Africa.
28491	Whatever, his attacking audacity was rewarded and continue to breathe down West Brom’s necks and Wigan’s week goes from bad to worse.
28492	Whatever liberties we might enjoy would be only at the whim of those strong rulers upon whose protection we would depend for our order and safety.
28493	Whatever the reason for the delay, Cheetos Mac ’n Cheese finally arrived in Walmarts last week, to much fanfare.
28494	Whatever the week has planned for you, make sure to take a gander at this roundup of events happening in Denver.
28495	Whatever was in the water Ford must have drank because he was a completely different pitcher with confidence and using that 94-97 MPH fastball to his advantage.
28496	“…Whatever we come back with on the ‘other side’ of this thing will probably look a little different, but we’re excited for what the future holds.”
28497	What everybody claims they're doing in lockdown vs reality.
28498	"Whatever you're doing to make it is fine."
28499	What follows will be unpleasant for So turn aside if you tear up easily, like my law professor friend.
28500	What happened in Benghazi where in 2012, your incompetent State Dept., run by Hillary Clinton, caused the unnecessary deaths of four Americans.
28501	What happened Thursday?
28502	What happened undermined national unity, civil peace and would have increased divisions.”
28503	What happens, happens to everyone.
28504	What happens if and when they get sick?
28505	What happens to partisan turnout after a switch to mail voting?
28506	“What happens when someone stays in politics for a long time is, they begin to compromise their values and they forget that what they’re supposed to be doing is serving the people,” Gade said.
28507	What has exacerbated the situation is that of the 23 districts in Odisha, coastal districts that may face effects of Amphan have reported 633 out of 978 Covid-19 cases in the state so far — as per the state government dashboard.
28508	What has the NDA government done since 2015?
28509	What has the sudden shock of the coronavirus pandemic revealed about America?
28510	What has totally stopped is sample traffic.
28511	What has Zoë Kravitz recently revealed about how she feels in regard to pregnancy?
28512	What he didn’t do is stand up and say: This man lies for a livingAnd in a president, that’s not just corrupt — it’s crazy.
28513	What he didn’t expect to see was hope.
28514	What he struggled with most in the hospital, he says, “was watching people say goodbye to their loved ones on Skype – no one should have to die on their own”.
28515	"What Hurts the Most"
28516	What I am trying to explain in the book too is that there is actually a very deep reason as to why this conflict is rising.
28517	What I am trying to say in essence is that whatever law that is made as far as the pension is concerned does not include the legislators.
28518	“What I’d like to know is what is the season ahead.
28519	What I do know that there are have been clear issues that need to be directly addressed when it comes to genuine and meaningful constitutional reform.
28520	What if every little imperfection was recorded and displayed for the world to see?
28521	What if Mr. Trump canceled his trade war tomorrow?
28522	What if my membership is about to expire?
28523	What if the offense chooses to run the ball now that you have a smaller defensive back inside the box?
28524	What if there were an event designed to get people outside in a safe environment?
28525	“What if they get into their house and then walk across a carpet, and a child comes along and picks something up?”
28526	What if Wilson had been carrying a loaded gun?
28527	What if you test positive for covid and then get hit by a car?
28528	What I have seen is that many immigrants in the care field "speak English," but have no real understanding of the language or what they are being told!
28529	What I’m going to argue is that the best of the left wing liberal tradition is worth preserving and, as Ralph Nader might say, has nothing in common with the Democratic Party.
28530	What I’m wondering is why in the world you’d even give him the time of day if he once broke your heart and you’ve moved on with someone who seems like a great catch.
28531	"What I'm worried about is making sure we can still continue our service if some areas have to self-isolate and there's not enough people left to mount a broadcast," Mr Anderson said.
28532	"What is appalling is that in all these instances, no culprits have ever been arrested and successfully prosecuted.
28533	What is a rich man’s daughter to do?
28534	What is at stake in these changes?
28535	What I say to them is, “It took me a big failure.”
28536	What is Customer Service?
28537	What is driving political leadership in Nigeria today is self-centeredness and pride as well as greed and lost.
28538	What is happening; are we expected to keep quiet and let FIRS kill and bury NIPOST?
28539	What is happening in our society?
28540	“What is happening is, over the years, those who are supposed to enforce the law, that is, the GIPC (Act), have relaxed and they have allowed foreigners to flout the law with impunity.
28541	What is interesting, Tadic and Ziyech did 13 and 12 assists, respectively – excellent result of the great teamwork.
28542	What is it, a corporation or a secretariat?
28543	What is it like to be dead?
28544	What is it that raises emotions to rise to the surface, makes the heart move with a sense of conversion.
28545	What is key is determining the travel history of patients, given that symptoms of the Wuhan virus are similar to the flu, said Dr Lye Tong Fong, a general practitioner at Central 24-hr Clinic Group.
28546	What is most important is that I am providing full and accurate information to the people of Bermuda.
28547	What is MSG’s contribution to science other than promoting the disease of communalism?
28548	What is really driving these extreme rules?
28549	What is Speechelo app?
28550	What is the appeal of Trump?
28551	What is this, right prior to his being shot, and nobody even brings it up.
28552	What is usually an in-person event with hundreds of people turned into a virtual night of enjoyment, no matter where a person was watching.
28553	What it did allow me was to get to know some of the different instructors and mix up the type of tunes I worked out to.
28554	“What I think is important is we have a vote on whether we need additional documents and witnesses.
28555	What kind of pressure did you feel coming up as a prospect and how did Bogaerts help with that?
28556	What makes his deck arguably better than Yugi's though, is how coherent and consistent it is in comparison.
28557	What makes Rusty Ryan () so interesting is that despite his self-control and discipline as a criminal, he displays anything but discipline and self-control in his diet.
28558	“What markets are trying to balance is what happens when 15% of the global economy gets shut down for a month.
28559	What message did David Duke’s voters send to everyone else in Louisiana?
28560	What might greater scientific and technological progress bring us?
28561	What might those measures be?
28562	What negotiation levers can I pull for cost-saving?
28563	What Olivia and I built with the texture and atmosphere of that marriage I also came to really like.
28564	What once required a huge amount of money to be invested in, can now be done for free, but with enough dedication.
28565	What, pray tell, is the difference between being against racism and being anti-racist?
28566	What protections are there to ensure children are detained only as a last resort and for the shortest appropriate period of time and that conditions of detention do not violate their rights as children?
28567	“What qualifies him to make the observation is that he won and Owen lost,” the England head coach said.
28568	What questions were the board asking?” said one source.
28569	What’s also unclear is whether a positive result for SARS-CoV-2 antibodies means someone is immune.
28570	WhatsApp introduced the most awaited dark mode feature last week.
28571	WhatsApp v2.20.110 beta for Android shows development for the anticipated multi-platform feature.
28572	"What's been providing me a lot of comfort is going through those records and just letting Kelly turn me on to music I hadn't heard."
28573	What’s been the biggest takeaway from that survey of different performance-based models around the world?
28574	What's Behind The Recent Uptick of COVID-19 Cases In Hawaii?
28575	What sells that image, according to David Arquette, is how writer and director deliberately shaped his film to match the feel, and added a car to boot.
28576	What should he have been doing all these years?
28577	What’s more, it offers some good ideas for how we might go about fixing them.
28578	What’s more, recent deadlines to cash in on renewable energy subsidies extended by the federal government have also prompted an uptick in wind and solar development nationwide.
28579	What’s on at Gib Talks 2020?
28580	What special information segments are you running to handle closings/rescheduling of events and other changes to assist your listeners?
28581	“What’s scary is that some of the PUA questions leave room for the adjudicator to make an assessment that could go another way if it were someone else.
28582	What’s that process like?
28583	What’s the best food to eat prior to a workout?
28584	What's the best way to lock an e-bike?
28585	What’s the big secret?
28586	What’s the not-so-secret sauce in open questions?
28587	What’s the worst studio you ever had?
28588	What's up, y'all?
28589	What’s with all the lockdown nudity?
28590	What’s worse is 63% of these businesses “generate a disproportionate share of their sales during Q4.”
28591	What's wrong with LaGuardia?
28592	What’s your available time right now?
28593	What's your sense of the probability that we will get something in terms of a vaccine or an antiviral that will significantly shorten that 18 to 24 month time period that you're talking about?
28594	What the committee and the people who think about this a lot - what they're trying to do in prioritizing is maximizing benefit and equally distributing that benefit across all communities.
28595	What the COVID-19 pandemic is illustrating is the value of having a responsive digital marketing strategy.
28596	'What the general public and his fans don't realise is that Ant's decision to end the marriage came after years of Lisa trying to save him from himself.
28597	What the hell, just put a “political correctness fund” into the police budget, write checks out of it based on accusations without investigations first, and save time.
28598	What then is justice?
28599	What the United States wants to accomplish through its involvement, however, is not clear and appears to be inspired more by Trump’s desire to broker a deal than by a foreign policy imperative.
28600	What they didn’t know was that around that time he had entered a boundless world of online conspiracy theories that would influence him for years to come.
28601	What they don’t tell you is that there is so much behind the scenes, there are lists of jobs you don’t think about.
28602	What they expressed was indifference to the migrants who had walked away from the suddenly imposed penury, joblessness, no roof over their heads in the torrid heat -- and now it seems, the approaching winter.
28603	"What they're going to do with the character is their call.
28604	“What they’re looking for is any crack in the system,” Mr. Espinosa said.
28605	“What they were able to do to the Niners was incredible.
28606	“What this means is that males are more likely to have COVID than females, except in the very old.
28607	“What this means is that we are continuing to identify all the people who are at risk of contracting COVID-19 and we are isolating those people,” he said.
28608	What time does the Champions League quarterfinal match between Paris Saint-Germain and Atalanta begin?
28609	What topics will the Johnson family take on in the seventh season of the TV show on ABC?
28610	What truly made Shaquem Griffin's first sack â€” and perhaps made his season â€” was picking it up with his twin brother, Shaquill.
28611	What types of stories the publications seek.
28612	What value does Chris Furbert bring to the table here?
28613	What was he talking about?
28614	What was once a guerrilla market is fast becoming an industry that is attracting both corporate and state attention.
28615	What was thought of as “nutrition” was incredibly important and yet women couldn’t learn how to cook from Mom, nor did they want to.
28616	What was your response when you first read the script, or had your first table read of the finale?
28617	What we are asking is we're seeking a meeting at Network Rail to discuss the safety issues on the crossing.
28618	What we are doing it for is the safety and maintain the health of our residents,”Miami-Dade Detective Alvaro Zabaleta said.
28619	“What we are trying to deny them is a blank check, and that is what I think this election is about,” Jamus Lim, an economist and candidate for the Workers’ Party, said in an online debate during the campaign.
28620	"What we did find and were able to convince them of, is don't doubt the audience on Ross and Rachel, he said.
28621	“What we didn’t have when I started,” he said, “was a record label.
28622	'What we have sought to do is create a level playing field to ensure a fair go for Australian news media businesses.'
28623	"What we need is Dolly Parton,” Gibb told Rogers.
28624	What we need now is all hands are on deck for global climate leadership."
28625	What were needed additionally were speed, power and maturity.
28626	“What we’re noticing is that this is a global movement of people having their voices suppressed with these types of weapons, and so we’re going to continue to bring that information forward,” Higgs Wise said.
28627	“What we’re preparing for is being able to do ongoing testing of all residential students.
28628	“What we’re pushing hard on is, how are you caring for your airmen?
28629	“What we’re trying to do the best we can is remove all individuals, regardless of whether they’re children — minors — or they’re adults,” Morgan said in an August media briefing.
28630	“What will be the plans of the Federalists,” wondered Albert Gallatin, a Democratic-Republican congressman from Pennsylvania.
28631	What will it mean to retire the word “first”?
28632	What will John do next to protect his ranch?
28633	What would make you, Dr. Chan, say, you know, I think we need this.
28634	What would they have done for three months of waiting for TERS?”
28635	“What would you do if we don’t restore night parking?” asked Bauman.
28636	What would you even do?
28637	"What you did on December 30, 2019, by staying home was a protest all by itself.
28638	What you might not have heard is that you can now find Warhammer there!
28639	“What you’ve got to do is just put it behind you and start preparing for the next season, and that’s what we did as soon as the last game was over (in 2019).”
28640	Whelton said building owners need to keep water moving.
28641	When Abdi's skills were shared on social media, several Turkish officials sought to bring him to Turkey to further his education.
28642	When a declaration of an unlawful assembly is given, media is expected to remain as a bystander/observer of the activity, not a participant, or in any way hinder the operations of officers.”
28643	When a disaster either man made or natural occurs, the NEOC should take the lead in managing shelters.
28644	“When Ahmad was murdered, I was with his father on a trip in Jordan.
28645	When Alberta students head back into their K-12 classrooms this fall, they (and school staff) will be provided with two reusable masks, courtesy of the provincial government.
28646	When Alysha and I first got married nearly sixteen years ago, we moved to Australia.
28647	When a man refuses to engage in a fight, it is than a slap in the face to some women.
28648	When Americans are in dangerous and difficult situations…especially a lot of them, the State Department will often make arrangements to re-patriot them (bring them back to the US) to quell the situation.
28649	When asked about negative aspects of the job, his response was simple: “Child abuse cases and domestic abuse cases.”
28650	When asked about their plan to build more structures on filled-up river-land, Motiul, also deputy chief director of Dhaka’s circular waterway project, said, “We evict illegal occupiers and they occupy land again.
28651	When asked about this oversight, the governor became defensive.
28652	When asked about why an emergency alert was not issued, Campbell says incident commanders didn’t have the benefit of hindsight while managing a complex situation.
28653	When asked at a last night how he would pay for this gargantuan expansion of government, Sen. Sanders presented moderator Chris Cuomo with that Sanders claimed detailed how he would pay for his proposals.
28654	When asked if she had been working with Public Health Director Andrew Woodruff, she said that they had met earlier that day to review the school’s plans for opening.
28655	When asked to input your email on a service you’d rather not give your proper address to, type it in as normal, but end your email address with a specific tag — in this example, we used “+unwantedemail.
28656	When asked what’s the biggest thing the two young centres can take away from their postseason experience, Bergevin said: “How they performed, how they were able to bring their game to a new level.
28657	When asked whether Mr Stanhope would make a good leader for the task group, Mr Barr said the most important issue was that the Territory did not need another inquiry into poverty.
28658	When a society laments the loss of an economy more than the loss of human life, it doesn’t need a virus …. it is already sick.
28659	When authorities arrived, they heard banging coming from inside the truck, Laredo Police spokesman Officer Emanuel Diaz told the outlet.
28660	When can we expect to know the election’s results?
28661	When China was dumping steel and selling at a loss, Trump should have bought it all, and encouraged other private American corporations to do the same, and stockpile it while it was cheap.
28662	When Chogugudza was asked about refunding Pasipanodya, she said that they were still looking into it.
28663	When combined with the antibiotic azithromycin, it also reduced the viral load in these patients, he added.
28664	When competing, dancers can perform a solo, duo, trio, small group, large group or another kind of dance.
28665	When contacted, BDO Suraj Biswal said the project was taken up to provide work to the migrant returnees during the COVID-induced restrictions.
28666	When COVID-19 struck European countries with varying intensity during the spring, the EU found its ability to organise a common response lacking since the bloc's policies largely left members to their own devices.
28667	When Dare Gueydan’s workplace got a new program that could do his job for free, he was laid off.
28668	When Dean keeps bringing it along, the logical decision would have been to burn the flask as soon as Dean wasn’t looking.
28669	When did you decide this should transform into a text?
28670	“When disasters occur all blood drives in the effected region are forced to stop.
28671	When Donnie Branch took over as LaGrange High’s head baseball coach before the 2019 season, he penciled in Mason Green as his starting shortstop.
28672	When Elena gets detention, she discovers a new group of kids who are so much more than their reputation.
28673	When evaluating whether to harvest for silage or grain, how to price the corn often is a point of uncertainty.
28674	Whenever my movies hit screens, my father calls me after watching the first-day first show."
28675	"Whenever we were completing the purchase and were toward the end of closing, I reached out to the original crew," the buyer says.
28676	“When facing unplanned declines in revenue, spending decisions have to be quickly re-examined as individuals and corporations re-assess the relative money for value hierarchies in their world.”
28677	When fans noticed that Future Trunks was wearing a bandana similar to the one belonging to his mother, they began to suspect the worst for Future Bulma.
28678	When firefighters arrived, they found smoke pouring from the eves of the home.
28679	When fire rescue units arrived at about 6:45 p.m., and crews deployed a Holmatro Hydraulic Spreader to lift the car.
28680	When GH fans last saw Maxie, she was panicking over her calendar and realizing she might have a bun in the oven.
28681	When have you ever known Jerry Jones to be hesitant to write a check if he thought it would help his 'boys?
28682	When HDR content is viewed on a quality HDR-compatible TV, you can tell right away — the increase in overall picture quality is dramatic, offering a touch of cinematic quality on the small screen.
28683	When he finally responded to Sophia he begged, apologized, promised her the next time they would see each other he would buy her anything she wanted.
28684	When he first meets Bo-Katan Kryze and her friends, he's shocked and horrified that they remove their helmets; after all, he's been taught that no Mandalorian ever removes their helmet in the presence of another living thing.
28685	When he has a $30,000 delinquency on his leger because of unpaid rents, that’s money not going to the company that employs him, Taylor said.
28686	When he interviewed with the surety bond producer Frank ‘Pig’ House, himself a former major league baseball player, Bresler said, “He told me that he would make me successful in the construction industry in the surety bond/contractor insurance arena.
28687	When he is acting as governor, Cuomo should take off his Dad hat and treat New Yorkers like adults.
28688	When he looked at me, regardless of how angry he was, there was a singular reflection, one that never faltered — his complete belief in me,” she emphasised.
28689	When he married Marlene and moved to Brimfield, he became a strong member of Newman Center University Parish and the Knights of Columbus Council 15312.
28690	When he reached te apartment, a group of 12 to 14 men attacked him.
28691	When her targets were strangers in faraway police states, it was easy to compartmentalize, to ignore the collateral damage of murder, rape, and torture.
28692	When her two adult sons are upset about something, she said, she tells them “Get your guitar out.
28693	When he screened the film to an audience in Atlanta (the same city where his own 330 acre studio recently opened), he said the reaction was unlike any other he’d recieved in all his years in the business.
28694	When he’s ready he will reclaim his spot alongside Slavin on Carolina’s top defensive pairing.
28695	“When he was a coach in Atlanta, I really liked Matt LaFleur as a person,” Hooper said.
28696	When he was scheduled to fly, he found planes had more crew members than passengers.
28697	When he was threatened in April, the first thing he thought about was his two children and wife: "I felt sad.
28698	When his parole was denied, he sued the Parole Board of Canada.
28699	When I added other healthy Trader Joe's items to my cart on a recent grocery run, I knew I had to grab TJ's $3 Cauliflower Gnocchi from the frozen aisle and test it for myself.
28700	When I asked about the burns on his body and why he was in prison, he recounted how he had accidentally pulled a pot of boiling water over his body when he was young.
28701	When I became the General Overseer of the RCCG, there was a man I had considered to be a good friend as we had done some wonderful things together for God in the past.
28702	When I come to the vineyard in off season I typically arrive with a cooler full of food and happily see NOBODY for the few nights I am here.
28703	“When I’d come home for summers I’d either work for her or get woken up in the morning because an employee didn’t show up, whereas I felt like some of my peers were like, ringing the bell for the butler.”
28704	When I first started, I had this guy.
28705	"When I get excited I'm not aware of my surroundings, my mum pulls me up on it, be aware of other people.
28706	When I get them I feed them, look after them and rehabilitate them.
28707	When I go outside, I wear my hijab, and I haven’t experienced any discrimination.”
28708	When I left New Zealand recently it was 80 degrees.
28709	When I listened to the emergency call I didn't hear anything that gave me cause for concern that it was coded correctly but if the call had been categorised as a category two, there may have been an emergency ambulance to attend to Amber.
28710	When I’m writing, I know my fan base, I know what I’m writing for, and I know what those people are going through.
28711	When in doubt request extra verification, ask more questions and contact the state Division of Consumer Protection.
28712	When I originally started majoring in biology, it was not something that I planned to stick to.
28713	“When I played with him onstage, it really seemed as if the drums played themselves.
28714	“When I reopened, I logged the opening hours and it worked, but it kept reverting back to closed.
28715	“When I saw people celebrating on the streets, I actually felt a little bit sorrowful because for the people from my generation—who were born in the ‘70s, for example—it may be too late for them,” he says.
28716	When is Dubois vs Joyce and how can I watch it?
28717	‘‘When I set the hook, I first thought small sheephead.
28718	"When I started in 2013, mentally ill inmates were only housed on the seventh floor and the sixth floor right below it," Capt. Plunkett says.
28719	When I started playing, thank God I was able to do so regularly and put in good performances, helping Lille reach the Champions League.
28720	When I stopped them and asked them who they were, they narrated their tale,” Mr. Arun said.
28721	When it became clear that there wasn’t going to be a book tour, and that a lot of bookstores weren’t even going to be open, we had a conversation.
28722	When it comes to cattle performance and record-keeping, you cannot measure what you do not know.
28723	When it comes to COVID-19 or coronavirus, one could argue that there has been an onslaught of information.
28724	When it comes to killing and mayhem, leftism wins the day by a giant margin.
28725	When it comes to loitering munitions, the world’s leader is probably Israel.
28726	When it comes to luxury hotels, they probably won’t be open until “August or September,” Dandapani said.
28727	When it comes to politics in Ghana some people think the creative arts Industry have no say on issues to better the country.
28728	“When it comes to the client-based service industry, the need to not only transform operations to meet safety regulations, but also to rethink the concept behind customer satisfaction, has come under the spotlight.
28729	When it comes to their families, Cameron and Lauren shared that they’ve been able to blend their in-laws together with no problems.
28730	When it comes to these insects and the diseases they transmit, quick removal is vital!
28731	When it gets cold enough they’ll sometimes make trips to do ice climbing at Umtanum Creek Falls.
28732	When it’s her turn to watch the students, Stark said there can be some challenges with making sure all kids are engaged and focused on their work.
28733	When it's in the context of the powerful stamping down a rebellion from the underclass, this desire to enact violence and cruelty in order to maintain one's own control is especially strong.
28734	When it's time to recharge, the battery indicator LED glows red and you can continue using the keyboard while charging via USB-C.
28735	When it was discovered that another subject had previously developed similar symptoms, alarm bells went off.
28736	When it was over CNN's Jake Tapper called it a 'hot mess, inside a dumpster fire, inside a train wreck,' as well as a 'disgrace,' in one of many efforts by commentators to make sense of the carnage.
28737	When I walk into holiday parties, I wonder if people will immediately take notice of how much happier I seem, or if one look will tell them I've fallen off the deep end.
28738	When I walk out the front door it's, 'OK, mask, hand sanitiser, am I safe, am I not breaking the law'.
28739	When I was approached for Bigg Boss, I was told we’ll have to start shooting from October 3, and I was prepared that I’ll go after celebrating my birthday.
28740	When I was a young teenager, I wasn’t just reading Teen Vogue and asking the editors questions over Twitter — I was also plotting the day I would eventually snatch Anna Wintour’s job right from under those bulky Chanel sunglasses.
28741	“When I was driving back from the gig, another driver honked their horn at someone and I got a feeling of warmth from it.”
28742	When I was elected President of the United States, I hugged him on the inauguration stand before I was sworn in and told him I was only there because of the sacrifices he made.”
28743	“When I was first informed that I’d become a Guinness World Records title holder, I was over the top.
28744	“When I went into the Army … everybody was trained as a soldier, and then after you were qualified as a soldier, you might have trained to be a cook, or a laundry specialist, or a postal specialist, or a transportation specialist,” Schooner said.
28745	When I went out for a walk at dusk, there were three news helicopters hovering over Mulholland Drive near Coldwater Canyon at the top of the Hollywood Hills a few miles to the south.
28746	When Juninho Pernambucano took over as sporting director last year, he picked fellow Brazilian Sylvinho to replace the embattled Bruno Génésio as manager.
28747	When Kathy Griffin posed for a photograph showing a decapitated Trump, the Secret Service her despite her having been a well-known comedian.
28748	When Kenney ran for leadership of the recently merged UCP in 2017, he made a "grassroots guarantee" to listen to party members on policy decisions.
28749	“When Kobe Bryant died, a piece of me died,” Michael Jordan told the crowd.
28750	When Lai left a police station he was swarmed by a crowd of journalists and cheering supporters, some of whom waved copies of in a show of their backing.
28751	When Liberty Hill head boys’ soccer coach Wayne Munger scheduled rugged competition for his club in the opening four games of the season at last weekend’s Panther Cup, it was a calculated risk.
28752	“When lockdown was initiated, I remember walking down a desolate street to the hospital.
28753	When Longclaw sacrificed herself to save Sonic, the group that was attacking the two of them looked eerily similar to Knuckles the Echidna.
28754	When looking at the economic transformation and job creation of persons with disabilities, the status quo is that there is very little movement on improving the employment status of persons with disabilities since Employment Equity Act was passed in 1999.
28755	When Maxwell was presented with flight records indicating that Miss Roberts travelled repeatedly with the paedophile on his private jet, Maxwell claimed to be flummoxed as to why she was there.
28756	When Moe moved into his new building, the Schenkers moved into what had been Moe’s temporary store next to the new building.
28757	When my group tee off, there's no chance of anyone ending up near each other.
28758	When my mother retired in 2000, I became editor and publisher, we had just started experimenting with doing our own desktop publishing.
28759	“When no one is travelling, we’re not generating revenue,” said Valerie Wise, air service and business development manager.
28760	When ordering, keep in mind that bigger is not necessarily better.
28761	When other drivers on the audio channel complained, Ferrucci told them not to take it so seriously.
28762	When PAWS found me, I was had a cut on my foot, and they patched me right up.
28763	When pictures from the event surfaced, the hypocrisy was glaring: The governor was seen with his wife at a large table full of maskless lobbyists, all sitting in close proximity.
28764	When police shot a man after he opened fire on officers on Sunday afternoon, the incident apparently prompted a social media post hours later urging looters to converge on the business district, Police Superintendent David Brown said at a news conference.
28765	When Primeira was suspended on March 12 due to the coronavirus pandemic, Porto were top of the table with a one-point lead over Benfica.
28766	When pro-lifers speak of babies being sucked out of wombs, “they show themselves without mercy,” Flanagan says.
28767	When Ramirez woke up after the operation, she was disoriented, could barely move her body and couldn't speak.
28768	When regional tensions increase, a carrier, or sometimes two, is sent to patrol off their coast.
28769	When registering, authorities, ideally, should recognise indications of trafficking and refer the victims to advisory services but that doesn’t happen, say activists.
28770	When Roland Garros announced the new date for women’s singles final, October 10, sports psychologist Daria Abramovicz turned to then-unheralded Iga Swiatek and said: “Okay, now you can give me the best birthday gift.”
28771	When security guard Roderick Erasmus, 49, entered the store, he wrestled with the suspect who was stationed closest to the door.
28772	When shares in the telecom giant hit 99p – too cheap even for Poundland – that chatter ramped up.
28773	When she began to doubt pursuing art as a career, she relied on the rush of excitement derived from seeing her art showcased in a show or magazine.
28774	When she first arrived in the Underworld, she had logged into one of three possible goddess accounts and was given a huge boost in strength.
28775	When she is not trying to set up a “good guy/bad guy” dynamic between Cohn and her father, Meeropol jumps all over the place, trying to cram in too many stories and pieces of information, many of which lead to dead ends.
28776	When she joined Harris as chief of staff, she became the first Black person and out-lesbian to hold that position for a VP nominee.
28777	When she noticed Dot was missing, she checked her surveillance video where she saw Vieau playing with Dot just before he drove away.
28778	When she wanted to go to a gym I took her to every gym in town and eventually she joined two gyms simultaneously.
28779	When she was first told that she needed to stop dancing, she called Marika Molnar, the physical therapist and director of Health and Wellness at City Ballet, whom she has worked with since she was 15.
28780	When Stevis returned to the island he grew up on in 2014, Chios was starting to be known for more than its mandarins and ship-owners.
28781	When stolen, the trailer had sections of aluminum light poles in it.
28782	When Sweetgreen began to go cashless in 2016, the salad chain's founder told the New York Times at the time the move was to speed up service by 10% because workers didn't have to spend time counting money, and to reduce the threat of theft or robbery.
28783	When teenagers do get behind the wheel of a new car, it’s usually one of the smallest models, which don’t protect as well as larger vehicles in crashes.
28784	When that happens at scale, you’re no longer able to reckon with or even consume information that contradicts that worldview that you’ve created.
28785	When that team made 30, Robert Poore made 10. When the Aussies got done for 36 back in 1902, good old Victor Trumper made half the score.
28786	When The Africa Report caught up with Akufo-Addo in Kumasi on 1 December, he said that the campaign would be about making the link between his policies and living standards, motivating the faithful and galvanising the waverers.
28787	When the alert level 4 conditions were announced last month, there was confusion among many parents who shared care of their children.
28788	When the brewery opens in December, the hours will be 4-9 p.m. Thu.
28789	When the club turns to me in difficult times, I can't say no."
28790	When the coronavirus pandemic started its planetary march, it didn’t take long for public health experts to that these are the areas least prepared for it.
28791	When the crisis hit and India’s 1.3 billion people were placed under lockdown, the nation’s informal ground to a screeching halt.
28792	When the Delaware studios reopened in early June, 60 percent of clients returned in-person, and for the past two months it’s been smooth cycling so far.
28793	When the dust settled, the UNBC Men’s Basketball team “won” the challenge with an incredible $11,259 raised, good for third place of all U SPORTS teams across Canada.
28794	When the dust settles, you will still be standing.
28795	When the facts about Shire's death don't add up, the police start to investigate.
28796	When the family moved to Pembroke, Arthur, less than five weeks old, lay in a banana box on the back seat.
28797	When the first trailers for dropped in December (punctuated at the end by the reverse-reveal of the promised release date:), they teased a return to form for Nolan, whose most recent film was the World War II epic in 2017.
28798	When the highlight package ended, Rey Mysterio walked out to a big pop from the audience.
28799	When the hole is done, players put the numbered balls in a bin on the third tee and resume using their own ball.
28800	When the hospital ran out of hairnets one day, a co-worker flipped hers inside out to give to Ms. Sander.
28801	When the morning sun rises in the east, Pillsbury and her husband Mike sip coffee and flip through newspapers in the garden by the Balinese dancing girl statue where thyme, rosemary, cilantro and mint grow.
28802	“When the pandemic spreads and the death toll rises there are no winners, none at all.
28803	When the piece officially started on Sept. 5, 2001, it began without any sound.
28804	When the princess kisses him, he doesn’t return to his status as a handsome prince.
28805	"When there are big and small construction projects, young people in that region or district are going to be recruited to do different activities or provide manual labor and earn some income," he said.
28806	“When the restaurants shut down this spring is right when I was gearing up to get going on my spring and summer events that were scheduled,” she said.
28807	When the right time came, he was able to return to his favorite place, Blacksburg, VA and go back into agency.
28808	When the scientists sequenced the yaravirus genome – the process of determining the complete DNA sequence which makes up an organism – they discovered over 90 per cent of it was formed of the genes had never been found before.
28809	When the skins are oriented in different ways, the overall structure can create different motions: A foam cylinder wrapped with robotic skin can either push itself forward like a skier or wriggle like an inchworm.
28810	When the standards have sunk so low that anyone who has a couple years with nothing important to do can trade tuition for a diploma, it is rendered worthless.
28811	When the sun has set and any bright color remaining in the southern New Mexico sky has left, few people stay awake.
28812	When the tearooms were removed from their original Ingram Street premises in the 1970s, each room was numbered, each wall given a reference, and each piece of panelling coded.
28813	When the Tron’s main auditorium opened in 1982, I was on work experience there; the excitement at the possibilities of the larger performance space was palpable.
28814	When the truth comes out that Mick was involved, it won’t be just Whitney’s future in jeopardy, but Mick’s as well.
28815	When the two played at Eden Park in the first week of Super Rugby Aotearoa, Coles scored a memorable try where he barged his way through Beauden to score in the corner.
28816	When the two separated, Gaethje once again got the better of his opponent in the striking department.
28817	When the water ran cold, my voice turned into a high-pitched squeal as I distinctly heard a snicker on the other side of the plastic drape.
28818	When the woman asks Harrold to see the phone, he replies: 'No, get a life.'
28819	“When they are on the inside and are punching, it doesn’t matter that their heads are close or that they might be holding an arm.
28820	When they do answer, they just put you through to someone else and that’s as far as it goes.
28821	When they get to the car, however, the officer reads aloud an ordinance, which says that 'it shall be unlawful for anyone to appear in the nude' on public beaches.
28822	When this happened, she said she would only quit if the appeal brought by Mutharika and her commission failed.
28823	When U see things through the eyes of other people, sometimes the message resonates.'
28824	When Vanya was threatening to set loose again, Diego, Klaus, and Allison made their way to her, in order to stop her.
28825	When was Pusha T born?
28826	When was released for digital purchase, Disney also announced that it would hit Disney+ only a couple weeks later.
28827	When we consulted the doctor, she prescribed a HIV test.
28828	When we debated at Kasarani, of course wananchi did not want to move into multiparty system and I urged them to do so because of pressure.
28829	When we don’t communicate and we don’t work together, things go south.”
28830	When we got back an hour later, hundreds of tiny spiderlings had hatched — the technical term is “eclosed” — and were teeming excitedly inside their silk home.
28831	“When we have in-country transmission we will be setting up five community clinics at five areas: Gros Islet, Dennery, Soufriere, Castries and Vieux Fort. Those clinics will be set up in those communities for persons who have any concern.
28832	“When we label ourselves one specific thing, it puts limitations on us.
28833	“When we lift others up, don’t we truly lift ourselves up?” asked Maureen McCullough, CRS’s northeast and mid-Atlantic regional director.
28834	When we procrastinate on a choice, we can wear ourselves out, miss out on other important aspects of life, and make things more complicated than they have to be.
28835	When we’re going to eat, are we going to reset the table or just push our work stuff away a little bit so that we have room to put a plate down?
28836	When we start conference play, it’s like being 0-0 and a restart for a lot of teams.
28837	When we write it enables us to process our anxieties.
28838	When will we get to see the US election 2020 results?
28839	When Willy returns to his room, players will notice he is not able to put the Do Not Disturb sign on his door, or even shut the door for that matter.
28840	When you begin to find success, it is worth reinvesting your profits into the marketing of the company so that you can create a stronger online presence and attract more customers to your store.
28841	When you can celebrate your birthday, weddings, surrounded by your nearest and dearest friends.
28842	When you feel like studying is rotting your brain and sleep deprivation is making you want to hibernate, a pup break can be just what you need.
28843	“When you go into a nursing home where you’ve had multiple cases and then you do widespread testing, it’s going to yield high cases,” Avula told the Citizen Monday, “and the more you test, the more you’re going to find.”
28844	When you have clear standards to aspire to, you don’t need a bunch of rules mucking up the vision.
28845	When you hear people say “it is their gold let them benifit from their gold”Then you begin to realise how low calibre citizens can be a danger to themselves.
28846	“When you ignore the science, you don’t wear a mask, and you don’t follow social distancing guidelines, it puts you and everyone around you at risk.”
28847	“When you learn that one of the daycare providers had to resort to physical violence with a young child, it’s really disturbing,” Vollhoffer said.
28848	“When you look at the ability of companies to repatriate money into the United States that they were having to keep offshore for unreasonable tax implications, all of these things add up and have created more jobs.”
28849	"When you place that on your cabin deep in the woods, what I'm seeing is: 'N-word beware you are not welcome here, we will kill you.'
28850	When you’re sure you’ve gotten the hang of the basics involved in Microsoft Word, proceed to the intermediate training course to learn how to make your documents look organized af.
28851	When your running back () leads the team in receiving yards on receptions 20 or more yards downfield, it’s time to make a change.
28852	“When you say anything people don’t want to hear, there will be trolls and there will be people who will try to argue against you.
28853	“When you send your little girl to a gymnastics gym, you expect adults will be responsible for her safety,” Shenk said.
28854	“When you shave, you can get rashes, inflammation, and even infections from dirty razors,” says board-certified dermatologist Dr. from Asian Hospital and Medical Center.
28855	When you start a new piece, where do you begin?
28856	“When you talk about super-spreader events, this is the classic of all time.”
28857	“When you think about questions about our students and what might happen because of COVID, you need to look as see what’s already happening.
28858	When you think about your very best travel experiences, they usually involve the personal connections you made, right?
28859	When you think of Caribbean food, what comes to mind?
28860	When you think of Jack Frost, the first thing to come to your mind isn't horror.
28861	Where an individual might focus on the sticker shock, a company is more likely to consider the lifetime cost of the vehicle.
28862	Where are the new lockdown restrictions and what are the rules?
28863	Where Are They Now?: Mayar Sherif Makes History Tennis legend Mayar Sherif poses at the net in her native Egypt earlier this year.
28864	Whereas he’s been justified in wht he has been doing lately, I doubt his commitment to building a just society in Zambia.
28865	Whereas others are just thrilled by the Sekrè concept.”
28866	Whereas over on WWE Raw, he has been reportedly been around “approximately half the time.”
28867	Whereas some species have bones that fit together perfectly, fish are held together by a lot connective tissue, which is eliminated during maceration.
28868	“Where can I learn it?
28869	Where Can It Be Used?
28870	Where did all that money go?”
28871	Where did you train in Britain?
28872	Where does that leave the people of Hong Kong?
28873	Where does this all end?
28874	“Where each team finished in the World Tens Series League has played a part in the draw for the WTS Cup.
28875	Where is our share of that money?” she quizzed.
28876	Where is the humanitarianism in any of these policies?
28877	Where necessary, they respond to the call.
28878	Where other children had bicycles, Hodan’s siblings played at make-believe justice, establishing the court system missing in bombed-out Somaliland, playing judge, jury, lawyer, and accused.
28879	Where’s the shock and outrage?
28880	Where the police and prosecutors in the old "Perry Mason" are well-meaning and honorable, if nearly always wrong, here they form a familiar coterie of self-serving bad actors, with a sprinkling of better bad actors for contrast.
28881	Where the village raised the child and communities lived like family – where our society was deeply rooted in the church and district leaders played an integral role in being support systems for the people of their communities.
28882	Where to put them?
28883	“Where were you when it mattered?”
28884	Whether anyone can repeat what Otis and Hehner managed is another thing.
28885	Whether directly or indirectly, the virus has touched the old and young, black and white, and male and female.
28886	Whether he wins or loses President Trump, who…
28887	Whether it is a sari or a suit, the Padmaavat actor can ace ethnic wear like a pro.
28888	Whether it is classes moving online, sports being postponed or masks being mandated, adjusting to COVID-19 has been a drastic change for some.
28889	Whether it is this particular ad, or something else, you can bet that Loeffler will be accused of racism.
28890	Whether it’s fighting, blind-side hits, head shots, we’re carefully looking at all of that.”
28891	“Whether it’s guns, or climate or economic injustice, I just have a lot of confidence that this is a person who is up to the task on the big issues that face the country.”
28892	Whether it’s her romantic relationship with Justin Bieber, friendship with Taylor Swift, or ongoing health battles, the tabloids seem to always have something to talk about.
28893	“Whether it’s with strike teams, Test Iowa sites, transportation missions or call centers, it has been great to see people are seeing the value in what they’re doing.”
28894	Whether it was coverage of the exodus of migrants returning to their home states or Islamophobia packaged as primetime television news on coronavirus super-spreaders, reportage related to Covid-19 was consumed widely and quickly.
28895	Whether it works regarding true love, though, is a different story.
28896	Whether or not Christopher Nolan’s will open in July is still an open question, but it seems unlikely that Warner Bros. will open the movie when Los Angeles County makes up a huge percentage of America’s box office intake.
28897	Whether or not his insurance will cover the damage remains to be seen.
28898	Whether or not is going to be carried out on the TV series remains to be seen but it called for a tragic end to Father Gabriel's story.
28899	Whether Ray Park will reprise his role—given recent controversies—or Sam Witwer takes over his live-action duties, remains to be seen.
28900	Whether that guy is Darnold, Lawrence, or another rookie such as Justin Fields or Trey Lance, it’s crucial that the Jets give their signal-caller the right head coach to maximize their potential moving forward.
28901	Whether the VT-4 is in the same league as the T-14 is of course debatable.
28902	Whether they offer an open-world experience, elaborate character customization, or expansive lore, role-playing games have the potential to be truly immersive experiences.
28903	Whether we’re family or not, we’re a collective.
28904	Whether you download your favorite individual songs or compile carefully-curated themed playlists, those tunes can relax you and make the hours fly by.
28905	Whether you’re an avid follower of fashion or someone who just enjoys checking the highlights of their favorite designers, the New York Fashion Week Fall/Winter 2020 runways are chock-full of looks sure to satiate every palette.
28906	Whether you’re a prospective student or a proud parent, choosing the right place to go to college means deciding among many options that may or may not fit in your budget.
28907	Whether you’re looking for a strong heat flow or a mild warm glow, this mini space heater delivers with an adjustable thermostat that puts you in full control of the temperature.
28908	Whether you’re vegan or lactose intolerant, peaches can be enjoyed in all frozen forms — as ice cream, frozen yogurt or even sherbet.
28909	Whether you want neutral styles, embellished picks, or scrunchies with bows, we've got you covered.
28910	Which artist had the best album of the summer can be up for interpretation.
28911	Which Bears projected starter are you most concerned with in 2020?
28912	Which budget's used to fund them.
28913	Which came first?
28914	Which Character is This Again?
28915	“Which club in Ghana can construct a big stadium like the Accra Sports Stadium?”
28916	Whichever side of that argument you’re on, it’s never okay to call your “friend” out for being cheap because she didn’t invest $100-plus a plate on an 8-year-old’s party.
28917	Which generation are you?
28918	Which is correct?
28919	Which is why he swiped right on a photo of a woman at the beach, hair blowing in the wind, with a nice smile, whose profile headline described her as “Bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, but not a squirrel.”
28920	Which means personnel like general manager Brett Veach and Andy Reid are forced to work from home in the days and weeks before the 2020 NFL Draft.
28921	Which means there are no big blockbusters lined-up for July now.
28922	Which no one could have seen coming.
28923	Which usually start with "my grandma once told me.
28924	Which would completely devalue the regular season and division format, but let’s run that kitten over when we get to it somewhere around 2030 (and that’s probably being optimistic).
28925	While 60 per cent samples were collected from rural areas, 40 per cent were collected from the urban areas.
28926	While acknowledging projects will see disruption, foreign officials have been reiterating their commitment to getting developments underway or overseeing ongoing ones to completion in Myanmar.
28927	While AD1 is predicted to make its flyover sometime around 4:15 pm ET on Friday at 10,043 mph (2.79 miles per second).
28928	While, AI ScaleNet tech improves video streaming quality from different services, including Amazon Prime Video.
28929	While all organised tours within De Wallen were banned in January, the new regulation will disallow all Amsterdam-based tours to visit sex work windows.
28930	While an official ending date for The Boys hasn't been announced, showrunner Eric Kripke believes five seasons might be a good stopping point.
28931	While at Belton High School, he tried to take courses that would kickstart his journey, such as a digital production class.
28932	While attending college he began his journey with Ben & Jerry’s in 2004, “Scooping his way up” from minimum wage scooper to shift leader to shop manager.
28933	While Ayushmann Khurrana starrer Shubh Mangal Zyada Saavdhan has earned Rs 36.53 crore so far, the total collection of Vicky Kaushal’s film Bhoot The Haunted Ship stands at Rs 18.68 crore.
28934	While Barr hopes Floyd’s death “is a catalyst for the kinds of changes that are needed,” he does not support the push to overhaul police departments via cutting/redirecting funds.
28935	While being questioned by a commissioner, Ortiz, who has faced accusations of discrimination from black city of Miami residents in the past, said he recently learned that there are people in his family "who are mixed and are black."
28936	While boarding a plane on January 14 in Dhaka, following an impasse with Mujib, an angry president retorted to the inquisitive journalists, “Go and ask these questions to Sheikh Mujibur Rahman.
28937	While both bills aim to overhaul policing practices across Massachusetts, the two bills differ in some key areas.
28938	While Broadway Stays Dark, Costume Designers Make PPEWith Broadway still closed, the theater industry is hanging on by a thread.
28939	While Castle is essentially a detective drama, it comes with a heavy dosage of workplace sitcom-ness.
28940	While changing jobs was not the answer to my problems, I found an honest moment where one person made my day.
28941	While chatting at a wine bar alone, Sian admitted to Avery that she felt "deeply upset" about the idea" of Taj moving because he's her "world."
28942	While CHEMA does not recommend gatherings beyond one’s own family, residents can go for a walk with a friend, but they must practice physical distancing.
28943	While Cosby and many others were in agreeance with Uncle Snoop’s opinion, many others were at the opposite side of the spectrum.
28944	While Costa Rica has not closed airports or grounded flights, it has banned arriving tourists until at least June 16.
28945	While Cruise has focused on airborne stunts involving leaping between buildings and diving out of airplanes, others have stepped up to perfect the art of underwater acting, with Winslet now owning the distinction of the longest time holding one’s breath.
28946	While Dave Gettleman will have final say on roster moves, don’t kid yourself — the rookie coach is going to have serious input.
28947	While de-identification might in some cases reduce privacy risks, this depends on many factors that have not yet been publicly addressed, such as careful selection of what data to aggregate, and the minimum thresholds for aggregation.”
28948	While Delhi, Agra and other northern cities were ransacked by the Jats, the Marhathas and the Ruhellas; the Mughal court was unable to deal with these challenges.
28949	While details of the crash were not available from the Florida Highway Patrol (FHP) as of presstime Tuesday, witnesses on scene said it appeared the SUV slammed into a guardrail located in the center median.
28950	While developing these items is a way to be in support of community, Image Impressions is hoping this will bring in a bit of revenue for the company that typically sees a lot of business this time of year with their event signage production.
28951	While disappointed in himself at getting booted in a crucial moment, he said playing feisty is part of his game.
28952	While discussing his favourite characters from his filmography, Raghubir Yadav shared how he still enjoys characters that challenge him.
28953	While Disney's theme parks are currently in disarray due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the company's streaming service is taking off in a big way and is likely to pass a huge 200 million subscribers by 2025.
28954	While Disney waits to discover the new adventures of Din Djarin and the kid, it has unveiled four advertising posters that contain many small details.
28955	While Doctor Strange was able to stop Wanda rather quickly in this story, it does come with a pretty significant caveat: Wanda was not in control of her mind and psyche, let alone her extreme power.
28956	While Dos Santos looks like good value given the statistical edges he has, his best days are clearly behind him – and we like Rozenstruik using his loss to Ngannou as a learning lesson.
28957	While “emergency use” implies haste, the quick process raises questions about the safety and effectiveness of a treatment.
28958	While examining the interdimensional intruders, Codex became vaguely aware of Knull's presence, sensing that his power was growing and that he was coming to Earth, just not Codex's Earth.
28959	While extremely controversial when it initially began, the Superior Spider-Man run of comics ended up being a fan-favorite storyline.
28960	While fans can rest easier knowing Johnson and his family are well on the road to recovery, hopefully they take his story about how it happened to heart.
28961	While fans impatiently wait for season 6, they find themselves longing to live vicariously through a TV romance like theirs.
28962	While fans seemed to notice it, O’Connor did as well.
28963	While finishing her degree, she started working at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Lab (JPL).
28964	While first established in 2008, Cryptocurrency gained a lot of attention in recent years, due to its safety, convenience and speed.
28965	While following COVID-19 safety precautions, Justin and his business partner Bryan Bernstein meet in their office and studio in New York City to find clients and work with their current artists.
28966	While Goku realistically shouldn’t be too much stronger than Trunks at this point, the time traveler is still impressed with Goku’s version of Super Saiyan.
28967	While grabbing a snack the Essex lass did what any normal person would do and took a selfie in her white thong and matching crop top.
28968	While growing Yukiko's social link rank, the protagonist helps her try to grow her skills and discover a career path outside of the family inn.
28969	While he and Brown did not ultimately end up together in the end, fans across the nation fell in love with him for his charm, good lucks, and sense of respect.
28970	While he may have chosen to reboot numerous films in the past few years (Alice in Wonderland, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, the upcoming Dumbo 2) it was his original concepts that set him apart from everyone else.
28971	While he may have dismissed it, it's nonetheless clear the impact Chuck had on him.
28972	While Heracross might be able to get the drop on Sailor Moon, she would get her bearings quickly and fight back against it.
28973	While he recovered at Hennepin Healthcare, his thoughts the rest of Father’s Day were with his sons.
28974	While here, they just scoff at the impedance of freedom.
28975	While Hernandez misses her old business, and finds her new neighbors to be “very reserved,” she doesn’t miss the gunshots that occasionally rang out in Oak View or the young men hanging out drinking and smoking reefer.
28976	While he's played antiheroes before in movies like Black Adam will be a darker character by far.
28977	While Hesson said he doesn't regret the decision, he wasn't happy with how things unravelled.
28978	While Hill grew up in north Caribou, an area now known as Connor Township, she spent more than three decades in Denver, Colorado, with her husband Ernest Hill, an Air Force veteran who had been stationed at Loring Air Force Base.
28979	While his basketball (and baseball) career may be behind him, Fauci has upheld his athletic profile with lunchtime runs to break up his 19-hour workday.
28980	While his departure at the time prompted plenty of anxiety among Caley Thistle supporters, hindsight shows that it helped unleash the club’s finest export.
28981	While Hong Kong's economy reels, business has been brisk on one street in the working-class Sham Shui Po district that boasts many fabric and tailoring shops.
28982	While I am not entirely set on which career path to pursue, I hope to be involved in the corporate world one day.
28983	While I am one of those people Orange Donny’s supporters would term a left wing libtard snowflake, I really think the modern ‘cancel culture’ is getting out of hand.
28984	"While I fully support everyone's right to free speech, guardsmen and women are sworn to protect all of us, regardless of race, ethnic background, or religion," Governor Mike DeWine said.
28985	While I haven’t thought much about what I’ll do on New Year’s Eve, I’ve thought a lot about 2020.
28986	While in school, she also helped create the Washington State Community & Technical College Student Association.
28987	While it could be an apocalyptic scene out of a movie, it has become the reality of Colorado's wildfire season.
28988	While it doesn’t appear you’ll be playing as Krieg himself throughout the DLC, his consciousness will become players’ playgrounds as they work with the character’s conflicting personas to figure out the secrets of Vaulthalla.
28989	While it has to be said that looking at the clip, every fan would become nostalgic, and teary-eyed.
28990	While it is difficult to leave an organization that has been instrumental to my career and bid farewell to talented professionals who I count as friends, Nicole is an exceptional choice to serve as the new Bank Midwest President.
28991	While it is difficult to predict winners at this point, AMG 330 may serve as a good example.
28992	While it is seldom credited as such, is truly one of the great Summer blockbusters of the 1990s.
28993	While it’s a way to connect with other people and share information, it’s also a key source of political misinformation, echo chamber conversations and polarized thinking.
28994	While its manifesto contains all the customary content about taxation, sugar estates, oil, health and education, etc, it has also said that if elected to office it would advance constitutional reform.
28995	While it’s not clear whether soccer fans get special stickers too at the home of the Major League Soccer’s LA Galaxy at their Carson stadium on the campus of Cal State Dominguez Hills, but you can vote there, as well as at the home of LAFC downtown.
28996	While it was a time of grief for the cleric popular with the spiritual spectacles prophecies and his congregants, Freddy said he could not help but notice an aura of celebration among residents as the structure hit the ground.
28997	While it will be some time before fans get to see Cassie's return, there are already hints about what season 2 may contain.
28998	While I wouldn’t go so far as to say it’s the “people’s car,” it is fun to drive.
28999	While January 2020 was the warmest January so far overall, different parts of the globe saw differences in temperature rankings.
29000	While Kai affectionately gazes at her, she tells him that he has pretty eyes and recites a list of all the places she wants to go for dates.
29001	While Kristen’s BF had a bottle of liquor aboard the boat in another photo, Brittany held a bottle of water between her legs while seated as her refreshment of choice.
29002	While Lady Gaga and John Legend campaigned for the Biden-Harris ticket in Pennsylvania, rapper Lil Pump joined President Trump in Michigan.
29003	While larger public spaces and circulation areas would see an increase, the large swimming pool may be a thing of the past.
29004	While leaving sunny, warm Japan for the cold of eastern Ontario might not have seemed like an upgrade, the Canadians were able to come and go throughout the Nav Centre as they pleased, so long as they wore masks and kept their distance from each other.
29005	While legislation is only a first step towards effectively eradicating slavery, it is fundamental to harnessing the power of the state against slavery.
29006	While Leti is in the ladies’ room and the nervous waiter is in the back, Atticus realizes that everything in the place has been whitewashed — just like the White House after it was burned during the War of 1812.
29007	While life drawing is deeply entrenched in the history of art, what do models gain from the experience?
29008	While living in Albany County, MH filed a petition in Albany County District Court to change her name from her birth name to her current name.
29009	While Lord Lucas’ comments sparked controversy with some, I thought it was great to hear a male MP tackling an issue and considering it from a women’s point of view.
29010	While many Americans were their $1,200 payments from that congressional aid and relief package, the Department of Defense was expediting contract payments to the arms industry.
29011	While many fans still believe Mayday to be a mutant, Marvel has said otherwise, stating that she isn't.
29012	While many hoteliers are implementing enhanced cleaning protocols, personally sanitizing high-touch areas may provide additional peace-of-mind.
29013	While many joked about the lion looking for his “mid-day meal”, others tweeted that they were glad that there were no students in the school.
29014	While many Michigan counties issued their own mask mandates, the denselymetro Detroit Trump stronghold of Macomb County did not.
29015	While many people with Barrett’s esophagus have long-standing GERD, many have no reflux symptoms, a condition often called “silent reflux,” the website said.
29016	While many would like to know if Canada’s infrastructure would buckle under the load, Fogg told that it’s difficult to tell since Canada is still in the early stages of the pandemic, but has hinted that Canadians should strap in for fluctuations.
29017	While Marengo acknowledges that some forum comments on his data charts have been “hateful,” he stresses he is sharing his charts “purely for informational purposes in the midst of the most severe global and national pandemic in over a century.”
29018	While Marvel has had a bit of a head start, DC isn't far behind.
29019	While Mercado was punching and kicking Boote in a bedroom, Reyes retrieved a knife from the kitchen and returned to the bedroom where Mercado took the weapon from her, Stash said.
29020	While Microsoft’s Xbox One is a gaming console it still has its fair share of amazing apps and during a tough crisis you most certainly will want to unwind and relax during the difficult times ahead.
29021	While Miedema tops the WSL scoring charts with 10 goals, Chelsea’s own strikers are yet to fully hit their stride.
29022	While Mooney is hopeful for the pandemic plan that Chief Nursing Officer Lanette Siragusa will reveal to hospital staff this week, he wants to see how intensive care unit capacity will be expanded to meet the needs of fifty patients, not five.
29023	While my opinions are strong, my statements are based on what I saw and learned during my 25 years as a police officer going to dispatched calls just like this.
29024	While neither of these earbuds have physical volume controls (like the PowerBeats Pro, for example) there is a setting on the Galaxy Buds Plus that lets you tap the side edge of the buds to turn the volume up or down.
29025	While nicotine is the addictive substance in cigarettes, it's relatively harmless.
29026	While no casualties are indeed a reason to be grateful, it was not a green light to be lulled into complacency about Iran’s growing military capabilities.
29027	While not perfect, masks limit the spread of respiratory droplets that may contain infectious virus shed from the nose and mouth of the mask wearer.
29028	While one faction of the latter has stayed loyal to Gbagbo, the other faction is headed by Pascal Affi N'Guessan who has announced his candidature for the October 2020 presidential election.
29029	While O'Quinn is still good in it, as is a young the film is an almost note for note retread of the first film, this time with a son instead of a daughter.
29030	While Parks and Recreation and show everyone’s deaths (just Jerry/Gary/Larry/Terry’s), did essentially do that.
29031	While Parks reportedly said that the man had blood on his face and was screaming for help, Latunski told officers that the kilt was his and that he merely wanted the man to return it.
29032	While people who can afford it buy imported bottles, the locals are buying cheaper brands.
29033	While Peter Quill's first team of Guardians is a little bit different from the version first seen in Guardians of the Galaxy, the originally unnamed comic team still shares quite a few similarities with the MCU team.
29034	While Peterson served as chief clerk during decades of Republican majority control, she didn’t air her political leanings until after her retirement.
29035	While Petron suffered inventory losses of nearly P15 billion during this period, the recent stability in crude prices in July is seen to provide an estimated P3.5 billion in inventory gain for the company by the second half of the year.
29036	While plenty of restrictions remain (we miss you, The Pub), the baby steps announced this week include more outdoors time and a suggestion that those who are able to should start returning to work.
29037	While praying for the repose of the soul of the late Sam Nda-Isaiah, the Speaker said the late publisher would be remembered for contributing his quota toward Nigeria’s development through the media.
29038	While quarantining together, Jonathan and Zooey have filled their social media accounts with adorable snapshots of their relationship.
29039	While resolving these issues through openly talking about them is certainly one progressive step forward, the 6th ARW plans to do more in the upcoming days and weeks to improve the overall morale and mindset of their Airmen.
29040	While she hasn’t decided whom she’s voting for next week, Morrison said she is likely to check a box for Lacey because of the district attorney’s strong ties to the neighborhood.
29041	While she mainly calls New York City her current home base, Lucia was raised just north of Boston, and now splits her time between Brooklyn, New England and South West Florida.
29042	While she was on special leave, Minister in The Presidency Jackson Mthembu acted in her position.
29043	While some areas are less locked down than they once were, if you can stay home as much as possible you should.
29044	While some celebrated the school's decision to discontinue the cheer, others spoke out in opposition.
29045	While some diarists in Khayelitsha had been closely involved in food parcel programmes, others, like Assie, wrote that no food parcels had been distributed in his part of Khayelitsha.
29046	While some feral cats brought into a shelter can be relocated to farms, this isn’t always the most practical solution.
29047	While some filmy teachers have talked about the 'Parampara Pratishtha Anushasan' of life in the movies, there have been some characters that took us back to our schools and made us miss our favourite teacher.
29048	While some of it was a little too controling, the fact that the car tries to rectify itself if it all goes horribly wrong is a real nod to the safety features.
29049	While some of the larger, more enduring horror franchises see their first installment commonly on the top of ranked lists no matter how many movies come afterward, 's original entry misses the mark just by a hair.
29050	While some people say hardships and challenges make them bitter, people who survived Covid-19 say the suffering has only made them better human beings.
29051	While some survey respondents may simply feel a sitting vice-president is more qualified for the top job than a first-term senator, advocates for women in politics have long argued they have to prove their prowess more than their male counterparts.
29052	While spending the last 15-plus years as Sheriff he has also served as the president of the Iowa State Association of Counties.
29053	While Spielberg would meet future wife Kate Capshaw on the movie, he's repeatedly stated his dislike for in the years since, finding it much too horrific.
29054	While suburban and country papers have struggled with declining revenue for some years, smaller independent and family-owned papers have tended to weather the storm better than the big corporate stables of News Corp and Australian Community Media (ACM).
29055	While Sunred might be a "hero," he is far from a positive role model, as he seems to fight for justice merely as an outlet for his violent tendencies.
29056	While taking her things and storming away, she can be heard coughing on other passengers as well.
29057	While that aspect is just as enticing, it also hints that the game might be fairly massive.
29058	While that may be true in most cases, no doubt that there are buildings and owners that do not have coverage.
29059	While the arrival of two such powerful storms just two weeks apart was an almost unprecedented natural disaster in Honduras, many of the affected believe the authorities have abandoned them to their fate.
29060	While the baby grew inside her, Paul called their unborn child a c*nt.
29061	While the bank has a good track record of dividend retention, the payout remains subject to regulatory pressure and economic conditions.
29062	While the comment was clearly made in jest, his target was also unmistakable!
29063	While the coronavirus pandemic forced the suspension of door-to-door organizing efforts of BLOC, Lang said the killing of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor and others have shined a light on Trump’s conduct in office.
29064	While the county had allotted funds in its capital improvement plan (CIP) for a new sheriff’s office, officials said it did not include an emergency services center.
29065	While the Electron’s second stage and Curie kick stage place the NROL-151 payload into orbit, the first stage was programmed to use thrusters to flip around 180 degrees and re-enter the atmosphere.
29066	While the episodes are on the shorter side, they have all provided repeat viewers with more information and understanding of what Dave Filoni and Jon Favreau are trying to pull off here.
29067	While the family had been worried since the outbreak, Longanathan adds they didn’t have a choice.
29068	While the FDA has said it would temporarily relax labeling rules and protect consumers with food allergies, foodservice suppliers still face significant hurdles switching to retail-friendly formats.
29069	While the gloom in the international oil market, early in the year, posed a serious challenge to the revenues accruing to the Federal Government, the global health challenge that set in towards the end of the first quarter also compounded the problem.
29070	While the had actually been sharing operations since 1952, negotiating these deals wasn't always even-handed, as Utah witnessed in 2013.
29071	While the healthcare workers all agree the system is well-prepared to deal with influx of seriously ill COVID-19 patients, they said anxiety levels are rising as infections continued to soar.
29072	While the increase appears nominal, this equates to 42,289 reported cases.
29073	While the initial stats for this flagship brew can seem average (6.2 percent ABV and 16 IBU), it's the flavor that gets you.
29074	While their future plans remain uncertain, it doesn’t appear that the couple will struggle to stay afloat.
29075	While the latest numbers are chilling, health experts warn they are likely to get much worse as the nation moves into winter.
29076	While the law recognizes that people can be assaulted by intimate partners in ongoing relationships, those cases have rarely been prosecuted in the past, because they´re difficult to prove, several trial lawyers said.
29077	While the man’s temperature was normal on arrival, he developed a cough and fever on 29 February and was driven to a hospital where he tested positive for coronavirus.
29078	While the Marriott Bed I slept on was all-foam there is also a hybrid foam/spring model -- but neither reviews described great longevity.
29079	While the meeting was under way, a student came and informed Ms. Sen that a large group of people wearing masks and carrying sticks had entered the campus from the main gate and was coming towards Sabarmati T-Point where the meeting was taking place.
29080	"While the ongoing COVID-19 situation may create financial stress and difficulty for some customers, Alliant Energy is encouraging them to set up payment plans based on their ability to pay," officials said in the release.
29081	While the others were more focused on overcoming their own inner demons, Number Five's main goal was preventing the global apocalypse.
29082	While the outbreak is ongoing, the public is urged to heed to measures to prevent the spread of respiratory infections.
29083	While the Portuguese superstar achieved his feat during his reign at Old Trafford at the age of aged 23 years, three months, and six days in the 2007/08 campaign.
29084	While the previous European Commission did not discuss a pollution quota tax on power from third countries, the new composition has made the environment a priority.
29085	While the proposal is still in the conceptual phase, the plan is in line with a number of executive orders Newsom signed last year with the aim of driving down the costs of prescription drugs.
29086	While the protests in Louisville have been largely peaceful, two police officers were shot and injured on Wednesday amid a clash with protesters.
29087	While the race in Georgia was far from over, the overall trend suggested Biden will continue to benefit from still-uncounted ballots cast by like-minded voters in Clayton and other Democratic-heavy counties in Georgia like Dekalb.
29088	While the Rays played the past two weeks at Petco Park in San Diego, the Dodgers are already familiar with Globe Life Park, where they played the past two rounds of the playoffs.
29089	“While there are economic challenges for many companies, this directly impacts employees and we are grateful for the support from the state and regional and local organizations who are helping to make this possible.”
29090	While there are not as many games to compete and win in, there is no “margin for error.”
29091	While there are people who love the experience of gambling on live tables, most people feel stress when there is a crowd around them, and it is harder to focus.
29092	While the regime is expressing outrage and threatens retaliation, Leuprecht and other experts have also wondered whether the Iranian regime was beginning to feel threatened by the popular military leader.
29093	While there has been genuine interest from the state to legalize sports gambling in the country’s most populous state, concerns that have been brought forward by various already established gambling operators continue to stymie legislation.
29094	While there have been dangerous models of the little robot introduced in recent years during events like "," the most surprising one just showed up -- built by the Richards children themselves in the present day.
29095	While there is no way to ensure zero risk of infection, it is important to understand potential risks and how to adopt different types of prevention measures to protect yourself and to help reduce the spread of COVID-19.
29096	While there is still a lot about the game that is shrouded in mystery, Capcom continues to tease the role of Chris Redfield in the upcoming game.
29097	While there was no footage for "The Flash," which hasn't started filming yet, director Andy Muschietti did drop the first photo of Barry's (Ezra Miller) new suit ().
29098	While there was no hiding place for any bowler on a belter of a batting track in Sharjah, the fact that Cottrell bowled six length deliveries in the over did him no favours.
29099	While these are finely crafted tunes, the critique of the album does ring a bit true here.
29100	While the soccer season is officially set to start on Friday, the first weekend of football throughout the state is set for the final weekend of this month.
29101	While the Standard & Poor's 500 index has fallen by 25% since its record high on Feb. 19, Zoom's stock has soared 46% as investors bet on its service becoming a mainstream staple in life after the coronavirus.
29102	While the standoff between the two oil powers continued, oil swelled, threatening a lasting glut, analysts say.
29103	While the state legislature created universal mail-in voting this year, mail-in voting and most absentee voting methods both require a notary’s signature.
29104	While the transmission of the virus appears to be on the wane in the community, it continues to spread within the province’s long-terms are homes, which account for more than three-quarters of all COVID-19-related deaths.
29105	While the vote was slightly tighter, it also passed in Montana.
29106	While the Whitmore-Dugan family were celebrating Christmas, a man claiming to be Pat Dugan's old partner, Sylvester Pemberton, knocked on the door of Pat's former residence.
29107	While they are a zombie with blue eyes and decaying skin, they are holding the gun that they were using when they died.
29108	While they could take their issue to an employment tribunal, there was a backlog of 400,000 cases going into this crisis.
29109	While they're anxious to see clients, earn revenue and restore any sense of normalcy, some owners are hesitant or unprepared to swing open their doors immediately.
29110	While this crew was incredibly strong, it is heavily implied that this crew was marked with betrayals, which ultimately led to its downfall.
29111	While this has meant that Abel & Cole’s all-British veg box that has been cut from the range, much of the produce in Abel & Cole’s current veg boxes is still British and seasonal.
29112	While this may initially be disappointing for fans to learn, George Lucas said that this may have been a blessing in disguise as audience would’ve been disappointed if an incredibly aged Sean Connery didn’t join the adventure.
29113	"While TikTok isn't the go-to app to follow news or politics, we're focused on supporting our users with education and authoritative information on important public issues," says Pappas.
29114	While Tim Hortons (Canada’s answer to Dunkin Donuts) is a stalwart for our northern neighbors, Restaurant Brand also owns Burger King and Popeyes.
29115	While traditional trade alone slumped by 38%, the modern sales stood at 5% higher than last year’s sales number.
29116	While traveling south, Rand said fresh water supply, wind and harsh storm conditions concerned him the most initially.
29117	While Ultra Instinct was never used against Broly in the recent feature length film, the Legendary Super Saiyan is still a part of the series in that he lives on the world he called home for so many years.
29118	While unity among Palestinian parties is an overriding demand, Abbas’ PA cannot expect to maintain its ridiculous balancing act of expecting true and lasting national unity while still diligently serving the role expected of him by Israel and its allies.
29119	While Victor maintains that he wants Adam to get well, the younger Newman doesn’t feel warm and fuzzy about his father’s motivations.
29120	While we are working through this Safer-At-Home time during the COVID-19 crisis, we are putting added pressure on septic systems that otherwise got some downtime while parents were at work and the kids were at school.
29121	While we at ROAM Beyond have built resilience into our products and business strategy, many do not have the ability to do the same.
29122	While we might not like this, we can't change it – and it is vital that we at least recognise it.
29123	While Westmoreland and Pottawatomie County’s current agreement amounts to a 50-50 split of road-maintenance costs, the city council has suggested that they pay for the reclamation of the road and the county pay for the laying of asphalt.
29124	While we try to ensure that life gradually returns to normal, we implore residents to continue to use face masks in public spaces and adhere strictly to all the public health safety measures and guidelines.
29125	While we visited Tors Cove and Elliston, watched whales in St. Vincent's and saw icebergs in Port Rexton with friends, parents of close friends at home died, friends got sick and both private and public hospitals were overwhelmed.
29126	"While we were in hospital one of the consultants managed to keep in contact with the paramedics and keep them up-to-date with her progress, so it was amazing to see them outside when we were discharged," Ms Greensmith said.
29127	While Witherspoon takes an active role in sourcing and developing projects, not all actors do, even if they get a producer credit.
29128	While working as police chief in Greenville, MacMaster served on the Greenville School Board.
29129	While you can’t transfer everything, but you can copy contacts, photos, messages and email accounts.
29130	While you can wear any shoe style that your heart desires, remember that a closed shoe can be as flirty as open-toe summer footwear — think a charming pair of embroidered tulle pumps, embellished heels or sassy mules.
29131	While you could find their products on Amazon listed by resellers—most of which are generic and dated models or knock-offs—none of these brands sell directly on Amazon.
29132	‘While you might not be able to find them on the branded website or on a voucher code site, they might have a number of codes which aren’t listed but are still live.
29133	Whispering your fears to these little dolls made of rolled newspaper might help you sleep better.
29134	Whispers from the Wings went that one better, presenting a month-long series of spooky stories read round-robin-style by trios of performers, each in their own shadowy candle-lit room.
29135	WHITEFIELD — Like most Fourth of July events, Whitefield’s beloved annual Independence Day parade was canceled due to the ongoing pandemic.
29136	White has a back injury that kept him out last week against the Titans, while Brown missed that game with a calf injury.
29137	Whitehorse wildlife biologist Maria Leung agrees "this is among the worst" years for mosquitoes.
29138	White House physicians Dr. Anthony Fauci and Dr. Deborah Birx have meanwhile advised Americans to maintain strict social distancing measures until those restrictions are lifted.
29139	White people aren’t raised to think constantly of how Black and brown people feel, while Black and brown people are accustomed to considering white people’s feelings at every turn.
29140	White pines grow fast and live long, so they often tower above the rest of the forest in a layer called the “super canopy.”
29141	White protesters made up 61 percent of those surveyed in New York over the weekend, according to the researchers, and 65 percent of protesters in Washington.
29142	Who are we kidding?
29143	Who are you supporting in this season's 4-Day Franchise Series?
29144	Who brought that issue against people’s wishes?
29145	Who could forget the picture of her in 2019 proudly posing alongside her husband Mitchell, ahead of his London Marathon challenge.
29146	Who could have conceived that within a few years what the Communists were to do in the Ukraine would rival the appalling butcheries of World War I—Verdun, the Somme, Passchendaele?
29147	Who could resist a good biker short?
29148	WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus says the “international team” will deploy to Wuhan, the city where the COVID-19 pandemic is believed to have erupted late last year.
29149	Who doesn’t love Fred Rogers?
29150	Whoever makes it to be the last man/woman standing will win a $250,000 USD job offer to work for a year directly under Chatri Sityodtong as his protege at the ONE Championship Global Headquarters in Singapore.
29151	Whoever tells you otherwise — Dear Citizens — is simply lying to you,” the King said.
29152	“WHO for the guidance titled ‘Breastfeeding advice during the COVID-19 outbreak available at:http://www.
29153	Who has to come up with the money?
29154	Who, in this latest case, is played by Paul Johnson of the Institute of Fiscal Studies.
29155	Who is a contingency boyfriend?
29156	Who is affected by Japan’s tightened travel controls?
29157	Who is going to find this provocative?
29158	Who is Jo Jorgensen?
29159	Who is telling the truth, Hrithik Roshan or Kangana Ranaut?
29160	Who Is the Globes' Best Dressed?
29161	Who is to say that person in the middle with a hat and mustache identifies as a man?
29162	Whom in the world is investing Ðˆ50k to join an elite dating agency?
29163	Who needs to go out?
29164	Who plays Jim DeVoe on Chicago Fire cast?
29165	Who stood out most for episode 54?
29166	Who wants to see a bunch of horses get stabbed in the eyeballs?
29167	Who was she running from and who beat her up?
29168	Who will bother to even vote in the future, if his or her vote can be erased by fraud?
29169	Who wins the Bachelor 2020?
29170	Who won the Brit award for best album this week?
29171	“Who would buy a historic racing car?
29172	Who would have thought that India’s first triple centurion would be Sehwag, and not someone like Sachin Tendulkar, Sunil Gavaskar or Rahul Dravid.
29173	Who would not want to establish an Asia-Pacific regional office here?
29174	Who you are is far beyond any external measure, situation or experience.
29175	Why Airbnb bought it: Airbnb wanted to continue its push toward becoming a one-stop shop for travel, which meant helping customers book every aspect of their trips, not just accommodations.
29176	Why aren't they there yet?
29177	Why are we not looking at their model of deradicalisation?”
29178	Why can’t they allow relatives inside for one time during the day to attend to the personal needs.
29179	Why couldn’t it be a woman?
29180	Why did it take so long to find out that Thomas was questioned for the prior shooting?
29181	Why didn't you go to them and say get this guy away from me?'
29182	Why did they give it to a Ukrainian company?”
29183	Why did trailer get pulled from YouTube?
29184	“Why does he keep shaving that damn dog,” lamented another user.
29185	Why does the media label these as "protesters"?
29186	"Why does the rain always follow me?"
29187	Why don't we have a clearer picture of what might unfold?
29188	Why do Trump supporters and GOP politicians risk everything for this moron?
29189	“Why do we need to keep doing these stops?”
29190	Why do you think the cases are taking that long?
29191	Why haven't they recognized Nagorno- Karabakh yet?
29192	"Why I broke my silence over Weinstein"
29193	Why is Edith criticising a fellow Opposition Leader instead of holding the current PF Govt to account?
29194	Why is he shown wearing a skull cap?
29195	Why is he there?
29196	Why Is There No Consensus About Reopening Schools?
29197	Why is unlimited immigration a good thing for the UK?
29198	Why not just say a quarter cup?
29199	Why on earth, after all, would a man lie about sexually harassing his employees?
29200	Why should the warehouse or factory worker be expected to do his or her job when the Government has not done its own?
29201	Why suspend them before investigations are thorough and complete?
29202	Why then did Mahathir focus his attack on the poor and not question the huge allowances paid to his cabinet?
29203	'Why was she not shown the same level of, consideration, protection, warmth and importance as other artists in our industry who have struggled recently?
29204	Why we are being gifted this gated garrison is anyone’s guess.
29205	Why we don’t have anyone working on human testing for that already is a frustrating mystery.
29206	“Why will I need camera?
29207	Why would he let you kill him?'
29208	Why would we put him through unnecessary pain?
29209	Why you should buy this: It’s the distilled essence of driving pleasure.
29210	Wicketkeeper Buttler, who twice reprieved Masood on day one, dropped Yasir off Bess, albeit an error that did not prove costly.
29211	Widely praised for its creative place-keeping mission, Destination Crenshaw plans to have an impact on the community well in advance of its physical completion.
29212	Widen the view on this mess https://t.
29213	Wiggins is getting a much-needed change of scenery.
29214	Wiig teased that there will essentially be two different versions of the character, hinting that Barbara's transformation into Cheetah will come with a lot of personal changes.
29215	Wilco frontman Jeff Tweedy performed “Evergreen” from his bathroom with his sons, Spencer and Sam, on the March 30 episode of “Jimmy Kimmel Live.”
29216	Wilcox, the coach, acknowledged that Saturday’s game was in jeopardy.
29217	Wildfires have burned more land in Europe in the first part of 2019 than in the whole of 2018, according to data by the European Union’s joint research centre (JRC).
29218	Wiley escalates feud with Stormzy as he drops SECOND diss track that takes aim at the rapper's mum and threatens to 'rip her weave off her head'
29219	Wilkie should know.
29220	Will, 41, has yet to comment on his brother's death, but he has been open about his relationship with his estranged sibling in the past, explaining the family stepped away from Rupert until he agreed to get help.
29221	Will anybody dispute that who’s sitting here, because if it isn’t a problem, and if it isn’t acknowledged then I have a problem with empirical evidence that I saw.”
29222	“ will have to wait at the hospital, and they might leave without getting it.”
29223	William Bryan of the Department of Homeland Security said at a White House briefing on Thursday “emerging results” from new research suggest solar light has a powerful effect in killing the virus on surfaces and in the air.
29224	William Chan, himself a postal clerk who lives in Pomona, was in a cheerful mood as he bought some of the new stamps in anticipation of a special occasion later this month, when he will celebrate his 64th birthday, on the day the Year of the Rat begins.
29225	William Jude “Bill” Phalen, 79, of Huntingtown passed away September 7, 2020.
29226	Williams and Landrum have clashed throughout the campaign, with Wiliams — a defense attorney — portraying Landrum as a traditional prosecutor who will continue with what he characterizes as the failed policies of past administrations.
29227	Williamsburg, Brooklyn, after a Hasidic funeral drew a large crowd.
29228	Williams said few states have licensing and certifications for natural hair, braiding, locing and twisting.
29229	Williams said she viewed him as guilty from the start and never felt unsure of her position.
29230	Williams says that many people exit prison with little support from the state, and more White people with felonies are being informed of their voting rights than Black and Latinx people.
29231	William’s situation is similar to many other residents who cannot afford for additional family members who live in the apartment to be named on the lease.
29232	Williams started farming with his wife Kerry and in-laws, Richard and Charlotte Kelley, when he joined the operation in 1995.
29233	William Winter served in the U.S. Army during World War II and was still a law student when was elected to the state House in 1947.
29234	William Wyler (Ben-Hur) directed the movie that told the story of a NY police detective battling the city’s lowlife.
29235	Will I be quarantined when I come back?
29236	Will Impact ever get their twitch viewers back?
29237	Will Kevin Hayes provide enough value as a second line center behind given his hefty price tag?
29238	Will Maren Morris’ New Video Make the Countdown ‘Better’?
29239	Will NFL players commit financial suicide for future black athletes?
29240	Will NHS buckle under the strain?
29241	Will Nicole Nafziger be sharing her story on 90 Day Fiance soon?
29242	Will non-citizens be eligible for the extended unemployment benefits in New York?
29243	Will the cops turn up and give him a slap on the wrist?”
29244	Will the inmates feed inmates?
29245	Will the Packers overlook the Panthers?
29246	“Will they be able to play if they know that the spectators are limited in terms of the number that can be in the stands?
29247	Will they choose a man with the necessary skills to keep the people of Gotham safe?
29248	Will they pick her?
29249	Will they try plucking a second Ravens player in two years?
29250	Will they wonder if I am just a crossdresser?
29251	Will Wade is getting production from a future All-SEC selection too as senior has put together an SEC Player of the Year season to lead his team to double-digit conference victories.
29252	Will Willow end up wounded and fighting for her life?
29253	Will you be based in D.C.?
29254	Will you be my GF?” they wrote.
29255	Will you remember that Pennsylvania, Oklahoma, Ohio?”
29256	Will you send them back?
29257	Wilson still did his part, throwing two touchdown passes and rebounding from his worst performance of the season just a few days ago.
29258	Winn, a father of four children and several other dependents, says the hustle has been difficult especially when he is unable to move around.
29259	Winner junior Charley Pravecek kept the most outstanding lineman award in the family.
29260	Winner medals for players in the modern era rarely come up for sale – as super-rich pampered stars can easily afford to keep hold of their mementos.
29261	“Winning firms will need a mix of both the vision and value mindsets, but many will get the balance wrong,” concluded Moynihan.
29262	WINNING PLAY: LeBron James dances his way inside a phalanx of LA Clippers to help the Lakers pull off a 103-101 thriller.
29263	Winning the portrait series of the Julia Margaret Cameron Award this year, three portraits were also selected as winners in the British Journal of Photography Openwalls Arles competition.
29264	Winnipeg's St. Boniface hospital is suing the law firm it hired to handle a complaint about construction of a building that's been plagued with water leak issues for years.
29265	Winter is putting footsteps in the meadow.
29266	Wirecard said in a brief statement that Markus Braun resigned with immediate effect “in mutual consent” with the company’s supervisory board.
29267	Wisconsin (14-18-2, No. 7 seed) at Ohio State (18-11-5, No. 2 seed), 6 p.m.
29268	Wisconsin, like many states, offers no-excuse absentee voting, but in April's election a record 1.3 million voters asked for absentee ballots.
29269	Wisconsin’s COVID-19 data primarily flows through the Wisconsin Electronic Disease Surveillance System, a secure central clearinghouse where healthcare providers and laboratory technicians upload reports about test results.
29270	Wisdom from our readers is found in the recipe notes: for quick cleanup of sheet-pan dinners.
29271	Wisdom is life experiences that have been processed and integrated.
29272	Wiseau's movie was universally panned and declared one of the worst films made.
29273	Wise Ballet and Music Academy CANCELED classes until March 30.
29274	With 10 players graduating last year, who does that leave for Johnson to work with?
29275	With 2,199 cases of murder registered in 2018, Maharashtra is third in the list, behind Bihar (2,934 cases) and UP (4,018 cases).
29276	With 33 more COVID-19 deaths, the county’s total rose to 4,005, the Cook County medical examiner’s office said.
29277	With 4,500 housing units, the commercial-office-entertainment centre will have an urban woodland, pedestrian path and central park, Carbonleo vice-president Claude Marcotte said in a lavish presentation.
29278	With 84 percent of the state’s hospitals reporting, DHHS says there is availability of 72 percent of the ventilators, 27 percent of the intensive care unit beds and 31 percent of all hospital beds.
29279	With 90 deaths, the overall toll mounted to 5,059, he said.
29280	With 95 percent of hospitals reporting, 553 ICU beds and 5,745 inpatient hospital beds are empty.
29281	With a £10 saving, this is a great gift for kids aged three and up.
29282	With a direct jet of steam, it promises clean floors that won’t look streaky and is said to be ideal for allergy sufferers as it mops up common household bacteria.
29283	With a diverse user base across the globe, Uber’s goal is to develop a subscription product that helps Uber Eats fit into eaters’ everyday lives.
29284	With a flight range of 700 miles, these missiles would be capable of flying over CMM vessels at low altitude while emitting short pulses of energy.
29285	With a four-cornered contest on the anvil in the polls, all major parties are jockeying to bag the lion’s share of Brahmin votes.
29286	With a hot-dog eating contest, of course!"
29287	With all eyes on the coronavirus, it's sobering that HIV/Aids continues to claim almost half a million lives in sub-Saharan Africa alone every year.
29288	With all of the above already in place, the New Hampshire legislation allows the vehicle to be registered for road use by paying a set fee, requiring no further compliances from the State - just go to the DMV.
29289	With a mantra of “Re-invigoration of internally generated revenue to achieve financial sustainability”, the fourth ACU Vice Chancellor stated that he will develop a roadmap to rebrand and expand infrastructures on her campuses.
29290	With a massive spike of 94,372 cases including 1,112 fresh deaths, India on Sunday crossed the 4.7 million-mark on the Covid-19 tally with a total of 47,54,356 cases.
29291	With Andrew Lincoln off of the „Walking Dead,“ and Danai Gurira soon to leave, they’re two of the series‘ largest remaining assets.
29292	With an off day Monday, the Pirates will now return to action on Tuesday night at PNC Park.
29293	With a pool of up to 60k people being tested it's almost unimaginable one person wouldn't suffer some sort of illness that may, or may not be attributable to the vaccine.
29294	“With a population so small, we absolutely need help” to cover the cost, he said.
29295	With a scheduled mid-July return from the surgery, Main will be playing catch-up in pre-season for the SPFL’s targeted August 1 restart date for the Scottish Premiership.
29296	With a script by Aaron Sorkin, the film is filled with sharp and smart dialogue which is performed by an incredible cast.
29297	With Aston Villa in Carabao Cup Final action this weekend, West Ham’s win takes them out of the relegation zone ahead of next weekend’s London derby at Arsenal.
29298	With bedrails, hooked up to a tube, tube in my nose, the pain in my throat, in my nose.
29299	With Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn) set for release, we're also dedicating a round to some of the most famous villains in Batman movies.
29300	With Blu-ray’s unsurpassed picture and sound, Doom Patrol: The Complete Second Season will be released in 1080p Full HD Video with DTS-HD Master Audio for English 5.1.
29301	With both of these landmark films, Cameron broke new ground in terms of storytelling and the use of technological advances in the art of movie making.
29302	With both WiFi and Bluetooth streaming capabilities, along with a rechargeable 11-hour battery, the is an amazing sounding portable speaker that offers a lot of freedom.
29303	With cameras present, he signed an order banning plastic bags, plastic straws and Styrofoam on the island by 2018.
29304	With chips piling up in woodyards following the closure of Northern Pulp, the province has been pursuing a variety of options, including district heating, wood pellets and new export markets, but it also made a change in May to help in the short term.
29305	With cleverly placed tabs and menus on a black, white and green colour scheme, it is easy to move between pages and features, allowing access to markets with ease.
29306	With colder temperatures approaching, we are sharing information on busing & schools due to winter weather.
29307	With Colorado on the horizon in November as the first game of the season, the fall football camp has begun for UCLA.
29308	With concessions gained on the legislation the government brought forward this week, the wrangling has already proven to be worth the effort.
29309	With courts largely closed because of the coronavirus, a grand jury can’t be called to hear the case until mid-June.
29310	With COVID-19, it’s difficult to bring guys from (outside Canada).
29311	"With COVID it's definitely different," said Marx.
29312	“With COVID, we now have family dinner every night,” said Downey, whose children are completing their courses virtually.
29313	With director re-teaming with star to bring the iconic character back to the big screen, Jenkins saw an opportunity to do something different.
29314	With each of these partners, Santelli will focus on working collaboratively to provide business solutions that align with Alera Group’s goals.
29315	With education ministers set to meet on Friday to debate overhauling NAPLAN, the Australian Education Union has released results from a survey of more than 12,000 members that found overwhelming antipathy to the standardised test.
29316	“With Election Day fast approaching, I am very concerned that the State Board of Elections (SBE) appears to be on a path to repeating the massive failures of the June 2 primary election,” Hogan wrote.
29317	With endless options, they can be used for everything from full-on drama to a subtle look.
29318	With every snap he takes, he’s going to get better, and that means the Chiefs are going to only improve.
29319	With everything marketed as 11 Gen Core, how will buyers know exactly what they're getting?
29320	With five batsmen registering ducks against the lethal Indian bowling attack, not one Japanese batsman could get past the single-digit score.
29321	With five fresh COVID-19 cases reported on Sunday, the coronavirus countin Arunachal Pradesh rose to 182, an official said.
29322	With four settings (chunky, smooth, pulse or blend), you can use this multifunctional appliance to make soups, smoothies, and it easily crushes ice.
29323	With government set to take a bigger role in supporting the sector post Covid-19 we have recommended recreating the Ministry for Tourism.
29324	With Hamilton in talks with Ferrari over a move to the team for the 2021 campaign, Verstappen had been linked with a potential move to the dominant team of Formula 1 in recent years.
29325	With help from his daughter’s translation skills, Michael Ma told he’s happy his family is in Tisdale.
29326	With her musical background, she has helped unearthed talents for shows like Vodafone Icons among others.
29327	With high temperatures during the day, lack of water, and vast stretches of dry land – it’s better to be over-prepared.
29328	With his ginger hair and beard, he is one of the royal family’s most recognizable and popular members and has spent his entire life in the glare of the public eye.
29329	With his stoic face, iconic manner and old man swagger he personifies an end-of-a-career adult who’s grasping for a life he may never have again.
29330	With his talent and gorgeous looks, Logan had the potential to be a huge star,” she added.
29331	With his vast and, let’s be honest, high-brow interests, Noel had something absurdist and brilliant to say to each and every contestant and about everything in general.
29332	With honesty like this, who needs auditors?
29333	Within a couple of generations, that space would be gone.
29334	Within a year they were engaged, but their initial engagement was called off in 2011.
29335	Within five days of experiencing my first symptoms of Covid-19 I was admitted to hospital, where I spent 68 days in intensive care, most of that time on a ventilator in an induced coma.
29336	Within hours, the video had been cross-posted on all of Reddit's most apt forums, including WinStupidPrizes, HoldMyJuicebox, WhatCouldGoWrong, PublicFreakout, MaybeMaybeMaybe, KidsAreF--kingEvil, and of course, JusticeServed.
29337	Within Nepal, about one million construction workers and two million workers in the fields of transportation and restaurants are jobless.
29338	With Insomniac being the great developer that it is, the folks have designed a giant bronze statue hidden in the map.
29339	Within the milieu of growing and intensive economic, political and socio-cultural interdependence among state and non-state actors, mass intra and inter border and continental movements of people have been on the ascendancy.
29340	Within the next two years, the Greenes returned to their family and friends on Teaberry Road in the Fort Spring District.
29341	Within the opening five minutes of season two’s premiere, we’re treated to the kind of deadpan humour, tense bargaining, and intricate, close-quarters combat sequences that The Mandalorian has become renowned for.
29342	Within the U.S., the pandemic has hit hardest in the state of New York.
29343	With John Hughes' original film only encapsulating so much of Ferris' world, the comic book medium may very well be a welcome home to everyone's favorite troublemaker.
29344	With Jordon Forster out with a broken foot and Lee Ashcroft absent following a positive test for Covid-19, full-back Cammy Kerr has had to step into a central berth in recent games.
29345	With just five days left until the election, the Florida battleground state is busy, with both President Donald Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden hoping to swing it their way.
29346	With less than 3 minutes remaining on the clock, Lee secured a beautiful takedown and got Xiong to the mat.
29347	With limited cash, you use the cheapest and most uncomfortable forms of transport imaginable.
29348	'With little option but to have it removed privately, lipomas and cysts are very common and something many people suffer with in silence.'
29349	With Macron, France is passing through a very, very dangerous period.
29350	With margins so narrow in Georgia, Democrats and Republicans along with voting advocacy groups are scrambling to encourage people to fix flaws in already submitted ballots before Friday's deadline to ensure they are counted.
29351	With markets disrupted, buyers are slim, so acid storage is becoming an issue.
29352	With Mint’s fresh entrepreneurial focus, they intend to thrive and add to the economic success stories that are gaining momentum in Detroit.
29353	With Monika out, McKenna really stepped up."
29354	With more adventures coming up, only time (no pun intended) will tell what craziness waits for eager viewers.
29355	With more aspects of society beginning to reopen, current testing rates are still lacking, particularly in Ontario and Quebec where the majority of current COVID-19 cases are.
29356	With more free time on our hands, some people are experimenting with their skincare routine, Carroll said.
29357	With more than one third of the globe’s population confined to their homes in an attempt to limit the spread of the coronavirus, some are asking if the increased demand being put on the internet could substantially slow down web traffic.
29358	With most students finding Chemistry as the easiest section on the paper, Maths and Physics were found to be of similar difficulty.
29359	With movie theaters across the U.S. closed due to COVID-19, many major studios chose to hold onto their most expensive, and possibly most profitable, movies for fairer days.
29360	“With my husband and I working remotely and Hana’s lacrosse and music activities on hold, we all have time to give to a new member of the family.”
29361	With nearly 2,000 sailors on the aircraft carrier, there is a constant flow of people frequenting the infirmary.
29362	With new cases in single figures for several days - one on Sunday - Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said the virus was "currently" eliminated.
29363	With New York’s economy clobbered by the coronavirus crisis, de Blasio has been a $7.4 billion bailout for the city, as Gov. Andrew Cuomo also pushes for more aid for New York State.
29364	With no concerts since April, musicians have been deprived of their livelihood for eight months now.
29365	With no cricket since March when the Regional First Class tournament was called off with two rounds to go due the COVID-19, the Caribbean side travelled with 11 reserves in a 25-man squad and will not have any practice games prior to the first Test.
29366	With no data yet for COVID specific impacts, in previous years, for example, losses in GDP are estimated at 10% in Malawi, 11.5% in Rwanda and 16.5% in Ethiopia.
29367	With no extra time or penalty shoot-out planned, it was decided that Dumbarton and Rangers would share the title.
29368	With no intentions of disrespecting the three kings who have no doubt put Nigerian and African music on the global map, we decided to settle this using the viral socialcred to see which of these superstars truly rule the streets of Twitter NG.
29369	With normal students struggling, and special education students hurting even more in schools that have gone completely remote, school districts are noticing huge drops in enrollment.
29370	With or without Trump, the US still will look less to the Atlantic and more to the Pacific.
29371	Without a better read on the true impact of its personnel cost cutting, the auditors said, the Postal Service will be ill-informed as it makes future financial decisions.
29372	Without a constant stream of cars, they’re basically masses of discovered parkland.
29373	“Without any legal basis whatsoever the federal government refused to comply with the aforesaid court orders.
29374	Without blinking, Warren then agreed to boycott next year's AIPAC conference.
29375	Without guilt, I do what I want, eat what I want, watch what I want and wear what I want (I am sure I can’t compete in that area with Mrs. Clown).
29376	Without high school diplomas, English fluency or driver’s licenses, Latinos may feel deprived of social mobility.
29377	Without mentioning any specific role Pentagon spy agencies might have played in monitoring foreign activities during the recent protests, Mr. Kernan acknowledged that such clandestine efforts could be misconstrued.
29378	Without SNAP there would be significant damage to our grocers and local communities.”
29379	Without social interventions, the transmission would peak before it declines.
29380	Without such universal standards, the COVID-19 pandemic’s devastation of commercial aviation could prove to be deeper and lasting than it needs to be.
29381	Without the capacity to expand our exports and curb imports, we kept borrowing to retire old debts and fulfill our present needs.
29382	Without the cooperation of all governments still involved in the trade, the operation came at immense cost, with many British lives lost.
29383	“Without these songs I am a fish out of water who will die in an instant."
29384	Without these systems, we cannot accept any driver’s license applications.
29385	Without this national challenge we could never have brought this much talent together during the summer season.”
29386	With over 22 years of experience, Ghosh has held multiple roles as the CEO and Board member of large consumer facing businesses such as IndiGo, and OYO Hotels & Homes.
29387	With over 980,000 cases of the coronavirus and more than 55,000 resulting deaths confirmed nationwide, the U.S. has been considered the pandemic’s global epicenter since March.
29388	With over seven weeks to go for the Star Wars series' return on Disney+ Hotstar, Disney and Lucasfilm have unveiled a first batch of The Mandalorian season 2 photos.
29389	With Pattaya beaches closed until next month, the city’s homeless have moved under the Bali Hai flyover.
29390	With people starved for sport, the UFC knows the world will be watching this weekend.
29391	With prices below $US50 a barrel (the oil price is currently below $US40 a barrel) much of the shale oil sector loses money.
29392	With projects like all of the ones mentioned above, it's important to understand that a lot can change been now and the time they are released in theaters, so make sure to check back for all the latest information.
29393	With recreation baseball,you pretty much compete with teams located within a small area.
29394	With reporting by Frank Liang.
29395	With respect, I believe what the Lord meant centuries ago when he said, “Come, follow me,” is the same thing Drill Sgt. Leon Valentine intended only 50 years ago when he yelled, “Get off your a--!”
29396	“With schools out, it’s more often mothers who stay home from work,” Mr. Parolin said.
29397	With Season 11 of Archer in the books, let's look at how FX's animated series set up its next outing.
29398	With sharp tools!
29399	With shelter in place mandates this year, it’s more complicated for gardeners to plant with many of our favorite plant supply stores closed for the month.
29400	With so many Minnesotans working from home, attending classes and meetings from home, and shopping from home, reliable, high-speed, truly border-to-border broadband is as critical in 2020 as electrification and indoor plumbing were 100 years ago.
29401	"With something that is controversial within the community, I think we need to make sure that we do a really, really good job of answering people's questions and taking the time to alleviate concerns that have been raised."
29402	With specialization, costs decrease and profits increase.
29403	With spring sports seasons finally put to rest this week due to the continuation of distance learning only, Laker fans were denied a possible comeback on the track.
29404	With state courthouses shut down to the public until at least June 1, and bench and jury trials suspended until at least July 1, Massachusetts lawyers are facing unprecedented challenges in meeting the needs of their clients.
29405	With such a star-studded cast, we're sure that this unique psychological horror flick will be a good one.
29406	With such crucial facets undercooked, Behram’s genre exercise yields a handsomely designed but perishable dystopian horror-thriller that impresses through imagery and audio cues, but doesn’t scar the soul like it should.
29407	With tearful eyes we watched you, And saw you pass away.
29408	With that being said, it always seems strange seeing Lucy within the midst of battle.
29409	With that being said, Sia should mind her business (when it comes to things like this) no matter what time it is."
29410	With that in mind, home schooling is still an option for parents this year.
29411	With that phase complete, as per the FAI constitution, majority approval from the council is required.
29412	With that said, let's dive into all the transfer latest!
29413	With that said, we can investigate the nature of the information that can be sent via quantum teleportation.
29414	With that statement, he was speaking not just to CMP customers, but to a statewide audience.
29415	With the 22nd pick in the 2020 NFL Draft, the select Justin Jefferson, WR pic.
29416	With the 48-megapixel rear camera, you will get to see the Gimbal facility, with the help of which your camera will remain stable on itself, with the help of which you will be able to suit any type of video in absolutely steady Mode.
29417	With the addition of 12-13% Maratha quota, the total reservation in the state went up to 64-65%.
29418	With the advancements in technology we have the tools to allow Torah study and growth to continue even in these times of uncertainty.
29419	With the capacity to produce around 1,500 litres of spirit per month, Collin is more focused on experimenting with different casks and strengths to give his customers unique expressions to try.
29420	With the change, the board will also have to seek a federal waiver and an exemption from the state Legislature.
29421	With the Colors of the World crayons, Crayola hopes to cultivate a more inclusive world for children of all ages, races, cultures, and ethnicities.
29422	With the coronavirus pandemic looming over everything, the question now is, what will the season look like, if it’s played at all?
29423	With the current incarnation of the series currently still in the scripting stage, the change in casting likely won't cause too many delays for the series which is still targeting a 2020 premiere.
29424	With the current lockdown scenario and everyone embracing self-quarantine and awaiting the day we could get out of our houses and chill again.
29425	With the David Hayes about to hand the Lindsay Park baton to son Ben and nephew Tom Dabernig, a training premiership for the trio would be a welcome reward before he heads back to Hong Kong.
29426	With the ever-growing iterations of Batman, the true story has changed many times.
29427	“With the exception of the harbors, golf courses, and trail, the lakefront, including beaches, remain closed,” the park district’s statement reads.
29428	With the help of an extension cord, I brought my George Foreman grill out to the balcony.
29429	With the help of several restaurants and catering companies, they’ve already hand-delivered more than 2,500 meals to hospitals across the city.
29430	With the help of Shelton, Luke Bryan, Ashley McBryde, Dierks Bentley, Lady A, Zac Brown Band, Carly Pearce, Cody Johnson, and Brad Paisley, Shenandoah invites a new generation of country music fans into their traditionalist soundscape.
29431	‘With the high unemployment rate, it is imperative that every young person must know how to cultivate the land, and breed animals.
29432	“With the internet age, it’s hard to tell what’s the truth, and even on television during the election season, there’s one commercial after another and they go back and forth contradicting each other completely,” she says.
29433	With their expertise, specialist engineers can advise on what to upgrade and when to upgrade it - offering the maximum effect for long term progression - and they might even complete the work for you as well.
29434	With the Islanders leading 1-0, Beauvillier had a chance to add to the lead off a pass from Barzal, but Rask made a nice right pad save a little more than five minutes into the second period.
29435	With the lack of car manufacturers in these two nations relative to their sizable populations, automobile companies should not have a problem selling cars in these countries, and yet, sales have dropped more than 4% in the automobile industry worldwide.
29436	With the latest development, users can opt for a battery swap option via the Zyppapp and get a swap within three minutes and continue to ride e-bikes for another 75kms without breaking, the company claimed.
29437	With the less technologically sophisticated PC-7, I also learn a lot about navigation and orientation in unknown territory.
29438	With the loads of life-or-death situations that the ship seem to encounter every episode, that is something that could come in handy as the crew continues to get adjusted to life in the 32nd century.
29439	With the loss, Mandan will have to attempt to get to the state tourney through the losers’ bracket.
29440	“With the new Myanmar government, under the direction of Daw Aung San Su Kyi, now is the time to build and strengthen the capabilities of the respective ministries to support the effective and balanced implementation of RCEP,” he added.
29441	With the new numbers, the state has had a total of 6,570 coronavirus cases while the number of deaths remained unchanged at 146.
29442	With the new rule all purchases will need 20% cash to be paid upfront to the broker.
29443	With the NFL still very much a passing league, shutdown corners are a must.
29444	With the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic forcing the closure and shutdown of most facets of daily life, more people are facing uncertainty surrounding employment and finances.
29445	With the pandemic making people work from home, where you set up your office can take a toll on your health.
29446	With the presidential candidates focusing on this city this week, residents are hoping their voices and stories won't be forgotten.
29447	With the resources at its disposal, China could very well field a technically mature fleet in a short period of time.
29448	With the second of three deposits due on their venue, Ochoa and Wilkinson are in the process of asking for a “force majeure” clause in their contract so they can get their money back in case virus restrictions remain in place.
29449	“With these electronic diaries, we studied the dynamic interaction of physical exercise and psychological variables in everyday life,” explained study co-author Markus Reichert from KIT.
29450	With these measures, Sharp said that OUCU also hopes to maintain equity power among people.
29451	"With the shift in societal perception and little avenues for stress relief, officers are having a difficult time finding a balance between work and home."
29452	With the show set to debut in less than a week, you can see why fans are anxious for these updates.
29453	With the study wrapped up, Hemly says he’ll continue to watch for the “Plummer Bear” as best he can, though she won’t be easy to spot without a collar and only the small tag that’s now in her ear for identification.
29454	With the tempting display, pictures of various websites can be highly exciting for the viewers, and the same goes for this online site.
29455	With the theme for the year being sustainability, this team of four fits right in.
29456	With the unorthodox success of Jay & Silent Bob Reboot, the writer/director is in a good position to put out each sequel.
29457	With the vision of preventing a fire of such magnitude from reoccurring, the St. Lucia Fire Service established the Fire Prevention and Investigation Department.
29458	With the way he played in the postseason, the Lakers kinda have to re-sign him, right?
29459	With the weather improving and the upcoming holiday weekend, there are concerns the public could flout the latest government advice and head to popular outdoor locations.
29460	With the weight of constant posturing suddenly lifted, I felt an intimacy I could never achieve with the not-brown guys.
29461	With the wounded deputies receiving treatment inside St. Francis Medical Center in Lynwood, a group of protesters gathered outside the hospital and heckled law enforcement.
29462	With this basic dough, I can make four different cookies using a quarter of the dough for each variety.
29463	With this corrected vision, the Tiv of Taraba will never again blindly follow a wrong ploitician.
29464	With this creative naming, Mr. Modly may have guaranteed the future of the class aircraft carrier.
29465	With this development, the number of infections in the state has now risen to 127 with 74 active cases.
29466	With this method, herbicide-resistant maize seeds are coated with herbicide.
29467	With this, the total number of COVID-19 cases in Karnataka stands at 8.61 lakh.
29468	With Thompson’s expanded ICU, the hospital is able to take care of more patients in general, and this can include patients with COVID.
29469	With those interests, it's no surprise that she views water as Canada's most important resource.
29470	With those words from Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts on Wednesday, Feb. 5, Trump’s trial of 2020 was finally over.
29471	With thousands of islands straddling a section of the Equator wider than the continental United States, Indonesia has counted on its sprawling archipelago and youthful population to slow the deadly spread of the virus.
29472	With three kids “who don’t stop eating” and her mom, 70, who is on oxygen, Beamsville resident Jacqueline Swart knows how vulnerable some family members can be and urges everyone to be responsible, kind and calm.
29473	With “top-down” measurements, on the other hand, the exact source of emissions can be hard to pin down.
29474	With two out, was hit by a pitch and then brought everyone home with a three-run blast to the Carolina bullpen, his first of the season.
29475	With Ubbe (Jordan Patrick Smith) and Torvi (Georgia Hirst) now deciding to leave, Bjorn might find he has to step up in his time of mourning and rule Kattegat.
29476	With unemployment currently rising, and technology changing the nature of work, we also need to make sure women have the skills and training to succeed in the jobs of the future.
29477	With up to 22 million ballots to count, California election officials will take weeks to get a final count.
29478	With Utah headed to the CU Events Center on Sunday afternoon to face Colorado (4 p.m., ESPNU), the Utes and Buffs are not travel partners this weekend.
29479	With various attachments on offer for many models, you can find yourself making food of all sorts with them, too.
29480	With Vic they will be better, but it won’t cause a 180-degree pivot to high-quality basketball.
29481	"With virtual dating, you can connect with people all over the country and really see who is out there, making finding your other half a little easier," says Sullivan.
29482	With Warner Bros. Television also developing a Superman TV series spunoff from the CW’s Arrowverse, the prospect of a sequel also seems dubious at best.
29483	Witness David Johnson told police: "There was no stopping him, he just ran like a mad man."
29484	Witnesses said the incident took a matter of seconds, and that the teens sped off east in a white car on Lake Cook Road, police said.
29485	Witnesses said unrest erupted between protesters hanging red-and-white ribbons – colors representing the opposition protest movement against strongman Aleksander Lukashenko – and plainclothes police who were removing them.
29486	Witnesses told KCBS-TV they heard deputies yelling at the man to put the hammer down.
29487	Wi walk off wi foot yesterday and we walk off wi foot today," a resident said, noting that they were sent to Trench Town.
29488	Wizards of the CoastMagic: The Gathering.
29489	WNBA’s proposed return-to-play plan could benefit Sky: ‘Chemistry is always the key’
29490	Woka said they first reported to the Office of the Head of Service, the Accountant-General of Rivers State as well as the Chairman of the State Civil Service Commission in relation to their matter.
29491	Wolfe has had extended time to work on their Ford for Phoenix, where Logano won in March before the pandemic shutdown.
29492	Wolf started working with Timothy in 2017 and has turned $4,000 into $1M in trading profits.
29493	Wollstonecraft wrote the seminal 17932 work A Vindication of the Rights of Women.
29494	Women are home schooling, working and doing huge amounts of domestic work.
29495	Womenâ€™s groups and prominent feminist figures have remained almost universally.
29496	" Women have always been seen as these sensitive Barbie dolls that can't get their hands dirty.
29497	Women in the same age group consumed on average 11.2 units a week.
29498	Women observe a nirjala vrat (without food and water) on this day and a sargi is the only thing they eat until moon rise.
29499	“Women often have a leadership style that makes them more open and sensitive to a wide range of views, and they are better at working collaboratively, with a longer-term perspective.
29500	Women’s Resource Center of the New River Valley (https://www.
29501	Women’s rights campaigners said the change may appear small, but was significant.
29502	Wong was initially supportive of the program and its students, Abdulhadi said.
29503	Woodgrift is Executive Director of Sage Oak Charter Schools, a tuition-free public charter school network that provides personalized learning education for students K-12th grade in Southern California.
29504	Wood has earned a $132,500 award from the Discovery Grant and $149,226 from the Research Tools and Instruments Grant for equipment.
29505	Woods, the local postal union President in Michigan, says that mail carriers are still leaving the processing plant in Pontiac on schedule, even when their trucks are 20% full.
29506	Woos and the ministers said more work is set to be done on the agreement reached this weekend, with the chiefs hoping to have consultation wrapped up within the clans of the Wet’suwet’en Nation in a couple of weeks.
29507	Word is that the Biden camp has dismissed Abrams already.
29508	Word spread and crowds came to take advantage of the weekend.
29509	Workers are taking all necessary precautions due to COVID-19.
29510	Workers at a coronavirus checkpoint stopped the woman after she escaped from her home.
29511	Workers’ compensation coverage can include medical testing, cover treatment expenses if a worker becomes ill or injured, and provide time-loss payments for those who cannot work if they are sick or quarantined.
29512	Workers prepare face masks for rideshare drivers impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic at a food drive organised by the Mobile Workers Alliance (MWA), outside the Uber Greenlight hub in Burbank, California.
29513	Workers smooth a concrete slab June 24 at a new subdivision in Northeast Albuquerque that’s under construction by Stillbrooke Homes.
29514	“Work flexibility is one of the hallmarks of the digitally transformed workplace, but we’re not there yet,” notes Hicks.
29515	Work gets underway next week to prepare for reconstruction of East Second Street.
29516	Work harder, train harder.
29517	Working for the CIA under Slater, Season 6 saw the gang in more serious spy missions, sending them to catch an assassin in the Alps and miniaturizing themselves inside the body of a scientist.
29518	Working in the lab.
29519	“Working on the athletes’ minds and hearts has really led to a lot of success for us.”
29520	Working on the premise that it “takes a village to raise a child”, Ms Lekias founded the charity Fostering Hope to provide material items to foster children and advice to their carers.
29521	Working through the implications of staying at home should help you feel more prepared and less concerned.
29522	Working together, the instruments will track changes in sea level down to a few centimeters.
29523	Working together to accomplish great things is what Alaska has always been about, and we have confidence in our ability to work in partnership to provide the best learning experiences for every one of our 8,500 students!
29524	Working with PeraHealth, we have set some initial quality goals for Year 1 that include improvements in unanticipated ICU upgrades and mortality.
29525	“Working with Ridecell and their fleet customers has been invaluable as we advance the development and commercialization of new mobility services,” said Rob Wunsche, director of Mobility Platform Services and New Product Innovation at DENSO.
29526	Working with Voluntary Action Leeds and third sector groups to recruit more than 7,500 local community volunteers who are now being matched with members of the public to help in a coordinated and safe way.
29527	Work next noted that due to the weather, sewer inspections have not been possible, and due to the outbreak of COVID-19, restaurant inspection services have been limited.
29528	Work on the bridge over the Megunticook River is also on the 2020 list.
29529	Works at the bus termini were set to be completed by December 1 but has taken longer than anticipated, according to the NMS.
29530	WORK to build a new ‘sustainable’ car dealership on a 1.6 hectare site could begin soon if latest plans are approved.
29531	"Work, work, work."
29532	World Bank's $500m pandemic scheme accused of 'waiting for people to die'
29533	World Center for Birds of Prey takes in California Condors evacuated from Oregon Zoo https://t.
29534	World Health Organization (WHO) states that to date there is no documented evidence about transmission of COVID-19 from people not having any clinical signs of the disease.
29535	World number 14 Rublev also lifted trophies in Qatar and Adelaide this season and only world number one Novak Djokovic has won more matches (31) and more trophies (four) this year.
29536	World powers at a Berlin Conference on Sunday (19 January), attended by the main backers of the rival Libyan factions, committed to end military support for the civil war parties and uphold an existing UN arms embargo.
29537	"World Sailing will identify a number of suitable candidates for recommendation by the Board to the World Sailing Council for appointment."
29538	Worldwide, rules for mask wearing vary by country.
29539	Worldwide travel is down dramatically due to COVID restrictions.
29540	World Wrestling Entertainment held their in Saudi Arabia on Thursday, their fifth under a ten year deal with the Kingdom.
29541	Worse, gun owners may have a very real fear that calling law enforcement opens the doors for too many legal technicalities that will result in the gun owner—not the criminal—being arrested.
29542	Worst of all, ignoring those insights results in harming today's children with autism when better, more ethical, and more effective alternatives are being overlooked.
29543	Wortham engaged in a struggle with Lozano and was cut multiple times, eventually discharging her weapon, striking Lozano in the leg.
29544	Would a new team member/visitor/customer notice our God-centered approach?
29545	Would he still be saying, ‘no they can’t dock?'
29546	Would I have ended up in Power Wheelchair?
29547	“Would it be enough for you?”
29548	Would it have resulted in a big payout or have the UFC bookmakers always known McGregor’s talent?
29549	Would that this be the court’s decision, and that the justice we know in this realm and the justice beyond it align.
29550	Would they run out of protective gowns and the N95 masks that keep out pathogens?
29551	Would you even know that it was your son involved in it?
29552	Would Zimbabwe be shunned if they operated and governed themselves well?
29553	Wout van Aert celebrates winning stage five of the Tour in Privas.
29554	Wow, did you see the throng of people at Democrat Amy Klobuchar’s campaign event featured on page 7B of Sunday’s Review-Journal?
29555	Wow. Wasn’t this guy supposed to be good when he came out of college?
29556	Wow. What a powerful night!
29557	WPD: 5:02 p.m. Saturday, First Avenue Southwest.
29558	WPD: suspicious people, 10:38 a.m. Monday, 600 block of James Boulevard.
29559	Wrath of the Righteous’s hardest encounters are also optional.
29560	Wreaths were placed at the Sept. 11 Memorial on Hooper Avenue, Toms River, at the Ocean County Government Complex as well as the War on Terror Memorial.
29561	WREO Robert Haberman (North Central) worked on cases in his assigned area.
29562	Wright told him that he was cleaning out the house for his people.
29563	Wright was victorious in a long struggle for fair and constitutional school districts.
29564	Wright, who is leading the campaign is deeply committed to the cause as her sister Paulette Wright died by suicide in June 2018.
29565	Writer-publisher Katie West posted a now-deleted statement on her Twitter accusing him of soliciting her for nude photos when she was in her late teens and early twenties.
29566	Wuhan, the city at the center of China’s coronavirus outbreak, has no more hospitalized patients after the last 12 were discharged Sunday, the Hubei province health commission said.
29567	Wuhan was the fentanyl capital of the world.
29568	WWE's policy had forced she and her husband, Aleister Black, to stop streaming a few weeks ago.
29569	Wyatt has an idea, in case WrestleMania 36 gets delayedThis would ensure his match with John Cena goes ahead.
29570	Wycombe saw the highest rise over the weekend of 5, with a total of 263 positive results.
29571	Wyden asked him to outline by March 20 specific steps the agency will take “to ensure that there will not be any unexpected failures of containment at legacy radioactive waste facilities at Hanford.”
29572	Wyllie got eight votes at the primary, which was held in Richland Park.
29573	Wynn is dealing with a calf injury, but he is likely to be active Monday against the Chiefs.
29574	Wynn Resorts properties and The Venetian, owned by Las Vegas Sands, plan to use thermal imaging cameras at every entrance to intercept people with fevers.
29575	“Wyoming has a tremendous hunting season upcoming, and I want to extend a thank you to hunters for their support to conserve our state’s wildlife,” said Brian Nesvik, Wyoming Game and Fish Department director.
29576	Xiaomi has offered an electronically controlled water tank on the Mi Robot Vacuum-Mop P that has three gears of water dispensing modes and a water clogging prevention mechanism.
29577	Xi called for advancing research of the development of COVID-19 vaccines and make them a global public good affordable in developing countries.
29578	Xi made no mention of a dangerous new that had already taken tenacious hold in the country.
29579	Xinyu Liu, an associate professor of engineering at the university, is working to make the test portable.
29580	Xi wanted nothing and no one to get in the way of his plans for the PRC.
29581	XRF instruments, etc).
29582	XRP (XRP) traded up 2% against the dollar and now trades at $0.25 or 0.00002376 BTC.
29583	Yager also said he liked the job head coach Scott Frost has done in building programs.
29584	“Yahoo boys are far better than Nigeria politicians… dey help people even support people they don’t know.
29585	Y.), a House impeachment manager, announced Friday that he would not attend the “conclusion” of President Donald Trump’s Senate trial, tweeting that his wife’s ongoing battle with pancreatic cancer demanded his presence back home in New York.
29586	Yahya had some bona-fide ideas but as usual is about him and not the people/nation.
29587	Yakubu further told the Court that he was the deponent of an affidavit at the Supreme Court which stated that the money is in custody of CBN.
29588	Y’all about to have a lot more new music from me before this year is over."
29589	Ya’ll are wild if you think football will be shut down and not played.
29590	Yamu and Spopovich are killed not too long after their introduction, with their role subsequently forgotten, but they ultimately serve as the domino that knocks the Majin Buu arc into non-stop action until Pure Buu is defeated.
29591	Yang attributes perovskites' flexible crystal structure to the weaker ionic bonds typical of halide atoms.
29592	Yang told the Times that his father, a Chinese immigrant, had arranged the appointments for his son after discovering “lewd” instant messenger conversations Yang had been having with someone online.
29593	Yards are well equipped, landscaped, boasting safe modern children's and sports grounds with a trauma-safe coating, children's "towns" and exercise equipment.
29594	Yarnold overcame injury hell to become Britain’s most successful winter Olympian of all-time and the first Brit to ever defend a title at the Games.
29595	Yaya Ismail got loose for EGF on a break but was tackled by DL defender Anthony DeVito to save a great scoring chance.
29596	Yeah, I understand doing something about domestic violence, but mandatory arrest is dumb.
29597	Yeah, no, certainly.
29598	Yeah, our nearby school systems are all online.
29599	Yeah, they should just *mumble mumble mumble* and then they won't have to worry about losing decades of accumulated institutional talent, and court judgements for unpaid loans.
29600	Year 7 and 8 pupils will attend school in sports kits as their afternoons will largely be spent with the PE department.
29601	“Year-round and especially during the times of the three pilgrimage holidays (Passover, Shavuot, and Sukkot), the area at the foot of the Temple Mount was sure to be busy.
29602	Years later, a friend of Ghosh, 27, who he later found out was homosexual, was forcibly married off.
29603	Years later, at his home near Miami Beach, Shula spoke about the rules he helped usher in during his 26 years on the competition committee.
29604	Years later, Terrill was invited to help create “chef inspired pizzas” for Slice Pizza & Brewhouse, which earned him much acclaim locally and nationally.
29605	Yeezy has confirmed he is the Ops, but his alleged use of suspect signatures in order to get on ballots across the nation has exposed him to potential prosecution.
29606	Yeo gave his Chinese handlers the resumes that he thought they would find interesting, according to the court documents.
29607	Yep, even after Kimmy invited Tristan to dinner with them recently, too!
29608	Yep, that’s the ticket.
29609	Yep, that was all was, he said, lost in memories of his own abuse.
29610	"Yes, because Trump just said he defeated COVID-19 and I believe him!
29611	Yes, Biden’s revised climate plan has strengthened his ambition, and both he and Harris have been acutely aware of environmental justice issues, with Harris recently introducing a major climate justice bill with Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.
29612	Yes, China and Russia, Germany, and the UK were initially more measured in their statements, but they didn't sound pleased, and with each passing day, they continue to from President Batshit.
29613	Yes, Colicchio and the success of the Minutemen – 32-2 since Phil took over – has the Dunn Center rocking once more.
29614	Yes, English majors, I mangled that quote, but you get the idea: Any plans you may have made waaaay back in 2019 about attending college this fall have probably changed.
29615	“Yes, I am feeling pain and confusion, but that only comes from the hurt that I am causing to my family,” he added.
29616	“Yes I guarantee that we will remain a government that stays true to its social duty and its conscience - closest to those most in need,” he said.
29617	Yes, it is important, but not at the expense of their respect.
29618	“Yes, it’s hard.
29619	Yes, it’s simple and feels productive, but the odds are against you since the competition is so high and Applicant Tracking Systems are so fickle.
29620	Yes, most of the time.
29621	“Yes, people want to travel back to their countries which is understandable.
29622	Yes, people will register to vote, but not for you.
29623	Yes, perhaps Monty Python was a piece of ephemera — a shooting star that dazzled for a moment, only to fizzle out.
29624	"Yes, places like Silicon Valley, Seattle and Boston are home to tech firms that are developing entirely new products and technologies.
29625	Yes, she’s (We can’t believe it either)…
29626	Yes still feel sh**' 'Just thought I would share the love.
29627	Yesterday I only had one of the three again in Embiid.
29628	Yesterday it emerged that Mr Ritchie-Bennett had been ill with coronavirus and Mr Furlong had been delivering his meals to him in isolation.
29629	Yesterday she took to Instagram again to let everyone know that she's not even having physical contact with her husband, Tom Kaulitz.
29630	Yesterday, we asked you: What’s your favorite entertainment event you’ve streamed from home this year?
29631	“Yesterday, we were really concerned,” Meadows said during an appearance on Fox News.
29632	Yes, that means it is linear (of sorts – which you'll understand more as you play), although you never feel like you are not in control, even though you can't really affect the outcome (bar dying).
29633	“Yes, these universities have medical schools and teaching hospitals.
29634	"Yes to baby No. 2," Peta Murgatroyd said adding, "for sure.
29635	Yes, Trump deserves credit on black unemployment (
29636	Yes, we’ll have these in house, but a lot of it’s set up for delivery and pickup as well.
29637	Yes, we need a certain amount of possessions to function in this world, and even more to make life comfortable and enjoyable.
29638	Yes, we need once more a strong centre-left Liberal platform, and we can surely start to build it again in the next few months.
29639	Yes, we should expect Snead to go heavy along the offensive line in the early stages of the 2020 NFL Draft.
29640	Yes, we thought you might be interested in these — especially since you can enjoy $100 off some big ticket items, and that’s something Apple itself never does.
29641	Yet, 90 percent of that comes from Asia and Africa—not the United States.
29642	Yet, Aboyade shunned that experience, and rather called on Chief Akinyele to serve as the University Registrar.
29643	Yet again, Australians have stepped up and donated millions of dollars, goods and their time to support those affected.
29644	Yet any psychological benefits of bringing back sports must be weighed against the potential physical harm.
29645	Yet behind the sleek title and confident policy pronouncements lies a message that is as simple as it is dangerous, particularly now that governments around the world are spending freely to keep their economies afloat during the pandemic.
29646	Yet, Chelsea is far from being considered among the principal contenders as the Champions League returns this week, as Lampard has so far failed to find solutions to familiar problems from his first season in charge at Stamford Bridge.
29647	Yet despite the changes, job interviews are going ahead, albeit in a very different way with video interviews becoming the new normal.
29648	Yet, even in these darkest of times, there were those who found ways to not just keep the flame lit, but ignite a blaze.
29649	Yet everyone involved in the negotiations was certain of one thing: The U.S. couldn’t wait any longer for Mexico to repair its crumbling infrastructure.
29650	Yet, he will give his imprimatur to an agreement which he also has said represents “a historic opportunity for peace” after years and pain and suffering.
29651	Yet I can’t help but wonder whether you and I really understand what this means.
29652	Yet, if Walz’s decision is any indication, at least some leaders are starting to recognize the ethical dilemma of using the long arm of government to stand between suffering patients and a drug that may have the potential to save them.
29653	Yet like many other public health experts, Cheng is sensitive to the pressure for easing strictures.
29654	Yet, like the story of ‘the Boy who Cried Wolf’, these repeated claims never came true, and instead have obstructed and discouraged serious diplomacy with Pyongyang.
29655	Yet more than 130 stories about the pandemic later, we did, in fact, pull it off.
29656	Yet, nearly half of U.S. physicians say language or other cultural barriers are obstacles to providing high-quality patient care.
29657	Yet Nio’s stock market capitalisation (it is listed on the New York stock exchange) makes it far more valuable than Ford Motor Corporation, which last year produced 5.5m vehicles.
29658	Yet nothing reached the ears of the public until last Sunday, when Channel 7 broke the story.
29659	Yet Rin was so used to punishment that she couldn't accept happiness; happy families would always seem fake to her, and her relationship with Haru would be cause for punishment.
29660	Yet, something that all gamblers around the world should know is that sport betting is changing rapidly.
29661	Yet, that is the case for this zany zom-com.
29662	Yet the Associated Press said the president was heaping special attention on Nebraska’s 2nd Congressional District.
29663	Yet the government claims that the youths are the problem.”
29664	Yet the increasing influence of the AfD poses a threat to the chancellor’s legacy.
29665	Yet the is making it sound as if both have received their fair share of blame.
29666	Yet, the most memorable play of his career came on his last down as a college athlete.
29667	Yet, the recent upside appears to be largely driven by risk sentiment, as markets re-adjust to prior trading ranges across equities, FX and other markets.
29668	Yet, they are also taking advantage of the additional free time to create new music.
29669	Yet, they wanted to do more.
29670	Yet this canard was disproven in 1970.
29671	Yet this is what the unnamed narrator of Nunez’s novel attempts to do.
29672	Yet while the infection and death tolls ticked up, his approval ratings ticked down.
29673	Yet without evidence, is accused of orchestrating personal attacks.
29674	"Yielding an acceptable return to recycle back to the iwi", is how Donnelly described the profit motivation.
29675	Yoko was singing ‘Sisters O Sisters,’ John was singing ‘A Woman is the Nigger of the World,’ and they were like, where’s the Beatles?
29676	York County reported 277 cases, the most of any county in Maine.
29677	Yosef had prepared a banner for the march bearing the face of abolitionist Frederick Douglass and his famous words – "What to the slave is the Fourth of July?"
29678	Yoshihide Suga's pledge for continuity of Shinzo Abe's policies has been welcomed, but still many questions loom among the foreign-policy community in Washington about Japan's new leader.
29679	You access that patio from the unfinished basement, which offers tons of storage space.
29680	You alone can change the hearts and minds of your peers, and it’s far more likely done through direct one-on-one conversations than anything else.
29681	You already knew Blake wants nobody but Gwen.
29682	You already know you must take care of yourself in order to give to others.
29683	You also have the blessed tissue.
29684	You also need to learn identify who’s who when plants are young, which can be confusing.
29685	“You always had a foul mouth!”
29686	You are also into fitness â€” what does your regular workout regimen consist of?
29687	You are also supposed to be sure that the software development service provider or the app developers hong kong know what your goals are regarding the software that you want.
29688	You are an ungodly and a collective unimaginable monsters of the worst sort.
29689	“You are aware about shortcomings in the Indian Tax system.
29690	You are definitely among them.
29691	“You are directly responsible, that is why you went further to tell the world your grievances with him, and how he had been a blackmailer, a politician, a businessman and so on.
29692	You are in luck!
29693	You are learning leadership skills right now.
29694	You are my son and always will be.
29695	“You are not special.
29696	You are not the same person that you were before.”
29697	You are our little angel doll and I love watching you grow.
29698	You are ‘rambling’ again, Barrow.
29699	You are really, really not on your own even if you felt isolated from the whole world.”
29700	You are really showing the best!” one person wrote.
29701	You are still riding high, Sag, and things are going your way!
29702	“You are what your record says you are,” Bill Parcells famously remarked.
29703	You asked for the country without corruption and oligarchs.
29704	You believe that you are being decisive, but instead it feels derisive.
29705	“You believe your doctor, you believe what you’re told because they’re the professionals,” she said.
29706	You can also purchase them individually if you’d prefer to skip around to the one you like best.
29707	You can always use scary Halloween Instagram filters than posting all the photos in just one Halloween costume.
29708	You can and ought to save the recipes you want to cook.
29709	You can be environmentally crusading and at the same time making exciting programmes.
29710	You can call his Valencia office (RJB Law) at 866-477-7772 or (661) 775-4880.
29711	You can check it out on Best Buy where it’s currently on sale for $470, letting you save $30 off its retail price.
29712	You can choose between observing roses at the rose garden (immediately north of where you entered the park) or observing birds at the Thomas Sadler Roberts Bird Sanctuary (a slightly longer but very short walk).
29713	You can do the same thing.
29714	You can find some of my other business, finance and arts articles, along with some travel and lifestyle pieces, on kathryntully.com. Follow me on twitter.
29715	You can get a bottle of the original stuff (which has 25MG CBD per milliliter) for $49 after discount.
29716	You can get subscribe at NYTimes.
29717	“You can hear a pin drop and Brettyn is definitely one of those singers.
29718	You can hear from comedians and storytellers such as Laura Condi, Noe Noel and Korey David as they tell their most embarrassing moments.
29719	You can learn more about this relief and how to apply on my website: davidryu.
29720	“You can learn what works and what turns people off.
29721	You can move to a new location without any hassle.
29722	You can never trust this government, and they said that the Chairman of the Presidential Committee on Anti Corruption was the chairman of the panel that indicted their so-called candidate now.
29723	You cannot afford to threaten overthrow of any government in the world and expect tea and cakes.this is the worst crime in the land.
29724	You cannot build a machine that predicts human sexuality because human sexuality is a social construct.
29725	“You cannot simply decide this case in a vacuum,” he said.
29726	You can now bring your food waste to the Aquinnah dump.
29727	You can pair that polo with the premium Wax London’s Holm Shorts which are made in Portugal from a lightweight and breathable rayon fabric.
29728	You can pair that sweater with the all-new Khaki Jean from Revtown which is a stylish and versatile take on their ‘Sharp Fit’.
29729	You can pick up a pumpkin every evening from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. until supply runs out.
29730	You can play a scrolling slideshow of family pics as your screensaver.
29731	You can purchase some individual event tickets, but for the full experience, NOWFE offers three packages ranging from $340 to $995.
29732	You can reach Omar at omar.
29733	You can read more about the attack at the link below.
29734	You can read our original story here.
29735	You can read your text messages on the outer display without having to open the phone.
29736	You can redeem points for a Charity Reward and Sephora will donate the corresponding amount to a rotation of charities.
29737	You can rest assured that there will be a need for door knocking to sell (market) the parties policies our beliefs and get ready for the next big round of elections and GE.
29738	You can say a prediction is more likely or less likely to come true, but you can’t fact-check it because it’s not a fact that can be checked.
29739	You can see the big storage buildings but the front door is a little tough to find.
29740	You can see these on just about everyone, everywhere.
29741	“You can see with those operations, we can bring in some pretty substantial revenue,” Tyler said.
29742	You can set up detailed text alerts to tell you if there are suspicious withdrawals.
29743	You can sprinkle it on chicken, pasta, popcorn, pizza or eggs, but my personal favorite is as a topper on deviled eggs.
29744	You can start with the seven re-mastered studio albums and one previously unreleased live album included in this 8-CD set.
29745	You can still see friends and family from other households in a public outdoor setting such as parks, beaches, countryside, forests, allotments, playgrounds and public gardens, whether or not you pay to enter them.
29746	“You can’t expect your hospitals to mop up after you week after week, month after month.”
29747	You can’t get much fresher or more local than a Harvest seasonal vegetable and fruit box.
29748	“You can’t stop that hunger… I just can’t wait to go in there and unleash on Calvin.”
29749	You can't travel and it's hard to get a job," he said.
29750	You can't win these matches easily.
29751	You can use beers to purchase new guest cards, as little as three for the worst guests, and high-value noble cards if you get nine beers in a turn.
29752	You can watch the Se Oh-directed video above.
29753	You carry back with you new experiences, some photographs, and souvenirs.
29754	‘You closed the door behind you.
29755	You could also stumble across an enlightening piece of information.
29756	You could also turn the rest of your batch of rice into soup.
29757	You could be paying $5 a month for basic service, with your current phone and no contract.
29758	You could be the next player to win big playing Powerball!
29759	"You could block it with a headboard or a large piece of furniture," said Snyder.
29760	You could do another search to see what other publications are saying about the same topic.
29761	You could encounter military members wearing protective gear and carrying weapons on base.
29762	You could have put him in the car by now.
29763	You’d be comfortable with that?”
29764	“You develop trust by being transparent, by explaining on a daily basis what you do know, don’t know and what you are doing to get more information.”
29765	You diasporans have a lot of time to waste.
29766	You discuss what you call "endogenous" or "exogenous" cues as being important in interacting with the internet.
29767	You'd never done a cesarean before.
29768	You’d never have the courage to leave me.
29769	You don't buy a new car, but you do fix your current car.
29770	You don’t do those things unless you’re really serious about it.”
29771	You don’t have that person to catch your back, no matter what.
29772	You don't have to be current to enroll I was a bit behind as I forgot the paperwork at one point.
29773	You don’t have to have been overseas or in contact with someone who has had COVID-19 to be eligible for a test.”
29774	You don’t need to have a pedigree to be decent and honourable.
29775	“You don’t want to be profligate and irresponsible in how you spend that money,” King, D-Salt Lake City, said.
29776	You elect people based on their experience and based on their reputation.
29777	You essentially said that the IDF discovered in 1981 what every radar operator has known since the device was invented.
29778	You feel it, too, and you know when it’s right, or more accurately, you know when it’s not.
29779	You feel like you've depleted a lot of reserves to get to that point, and then you're asked to take on another challenge."
29780	You feel your mental health has been declining.
29781	You find a popular gaming console for sale online at a reduced price.
29782	You get a charging cable, a 10W charger, a SIM eject tool, and some documentation.
29783	“You give them the option to do what is best in their lives,” he added.
29784	You go boating so you can sit there and watch the sun set.
29785	You got the White House having parties.
29786	"You have a number of people staying at home.
29787	You have a poetic license and a spiritual mandate to enjoy amusing collaborative experiments, playful intimate escapades and adventures in buoyant togetherness.
29788	You have been moved around the order with mixed success, but seem taking on the bowling.
29789	You have done this in unmercyless way.
29790	You have my commitment that we are taking bold and decisive steps to change the culture at the school.
29791	You have such passion and drive for involving and engaging the community in your work.
29792	'You have to be here.
29793	You have to be intentional about moving around since you don’t have the built-in exercise of walking all over campus.”
29794	You have to build and execute a plan, take away the highs and lows.
29795	"You have to give your body enough time to adapt to increasing loads as you train for your goal," said Benedict.
29796	You have to have the right kind and ratio of sick people.
29797	You have to roll with how the market is responding to your business.
29798	You have to show people before they fully believe.
29799	You have to understand, I was born in Germany, I’m Israeli, and I lived in France, but went to an English-speaking school, so I really don’t know where my roots are.
29800	You have to watch the show to know that.
29801	You hear the story from Justice Thomas because it’s a great story, and in talking to people, he was overwhelmingly the best to tell it.
29802	“You hear the talk about what they’ve done to put their team together, but to me, analytics have created a base camp philosophy, and that is, they’re really not in the process to get to the summit,” he said.
29803	You hid the game, but left the mat out.
29804	“You hold the patient harmless, but then you allocate the responsibility to providers and insurers.
29805	You just don't realize it, yet.
29806	"You just don't really know what's going on in your neighbourhood."
29807	You just have to pick up (and pay of course)," he wrote on Twitter.
29808	You just need a trusted online bingo site.
29809	You just need to look at Italy, which does not have time to bury the dead.
29810	You just purchase, log onto the courses at your leisure, and go at your own pace.
29811	“You just want to win so badly.
29812	“You know, champions don’t need someone to set their schedule for them or tell them where they need to be or tell them to put in a certain level of effort.
29813	You know, he carries a firearm wherever he goes.
29814	You know how they do fire warnings down south?
29815	You know, if it isn’t, maybe it really is China’s fault.”
29816	You know, I just let her pass away in her old age.
29817	“You know, I’ve been doing this over eight years.
29818	“You know that in the beginning, we were not sure if there were asymptomatic infection, which would make it a much broader outbreak than what we’re seeing.
29819	“You learn a lot about yourselves, about your teammates, about how you operate as a team.
29820	You’ll also be getting the best deals on older smartwatches, so if you’re happy to not be up-to-the-minute on the latest tech and high-end features, you can score a real bargain.
29821	You’ll be able to combine these loans into one payment.
29822	You’ll be better for this in the long run.
29823	You'll get a stressed, single, working mom (She's a doctor!
29824	You'll have to scan a QR code on one phone with the other to link the accounts.
29825	You’ll learn to keep pace with the blue circle as you play more, but it should always be on your mind.
29826	“You’ll never know what your team could have accomplished in the season, so just the feeling that you’ll never know how far you could have went in playoffs or if you would have made playoffs, it just eats at you,” senior player Grant Hickman said.
29827	You’ll recognize that the narrator introducing players to Fujin is none other than Johnny Cage.
29828	You look at your phone, and you’re like, ‘How much time have I spent on here, how many hours?’
29829	"You look back at 14 years and 20 seasons of a camera in your life and think about that, at some point you're gonna say, 'You know, we did it.
29830	“You lose the whole atmosphere now when you’ve got 25-35 people inside a restaurant,” Hodges said.
29831	You make $170 million in a day, then you're not going to wait around and see if that's going to be $200 million in two days.
29832	You make one incendiary argument publicly and another more narrow argument to me here.
29833	You make total sense to my way of thinking.
29834	You may also consider transporting important documents and jewelry separately from the truck to ensure safe passage.
29835	You may also contact Lori Brueggen at 435-6512 or Nalani Bever at (608) 387-2311 for tickets.
29836	You may also encounter more bugs in this process compared to API import.
29837	You may roll your eyes at the styrofoam cups, but lassi brings real flavor There are two options, mango lassi and sweet lassi.
29838	You may think that speed relationship seems somewhat much like an event that is mixer however they are various in a number of methods.
29839	You might have heard about the ProMind Complex supplement or watched a video about the supplement, but no matter the way you have learned.
29840	“You might not be able to get your goods out of the region.”
29841	You might wake up with a hangover, for example, and can’t do your work or make the kids’ breakfast.
29842	You must be fun at parties.
29843	You must scavenge for food and work hard to find uncontaminated water.
29844	“You need only 10 persons to register for a new religious organization,” Babynski tells RFE/RL.
29845	You need this serotonin!
29846	You need to insert a recovery disk or SD card as instructed.
29847	You need to make sure that you have a career strategy, really looking at the future of your industry or your role.”
29848	You need to replace the mask.
29849	Young Akeem is animal-friendly and has developed the skill to find monkeys and other animals in the village.
29850	Young and the Restless (Y&R) spoilers tease that Sharon Newman (Sharon Case) will be uneasy as she prepares for the next step.
29851	Younger boys described very little use of filters, other than funny filters, it said.
29852	Young led the country with 16.5 sacks and six forced fumbles.
29853	Young people in Dandenong are being asked to share their views and experiences in Mission Australia’s Youth Survey 2020.
29854	Young people no longer believe that change is too difficult.
29855	Young people, ready or not, must choose how societies will function, survive and hopefully prosper in the future.
29856	Young people who have been put through hell over the last few weeks will be disgusted to learn that one of the Ministers involved in this mess has been living it up on holiday in France.
29857	Young professionals support PPP/C’s “Plan for Prosperity”
29858	Young said a statewide mask mandate and pausing parts of the economy would help slow the rampant spread of the coronavirus throughout the state.
29859	"Young women tend to collaborate and work together on social justice issues," says Ayodeji Owosobi, a founding member of the Feminist Coalition and founder of Stand To End Rape.
29860	Young won several awards as the best defensive player in the country for the 2019 season and was a consensus All-American selection.
29861	"You only need to look at what is happening in Europe at the moment, where they are going through a horrific further wave of COVID-19, and of course we have got to be extremely careful about that."
29862	You pass judgment and slander my Southern ancestors, Mr. Florio (‘Florio’ lol, who invited you here?
29863	You people should be happy about his medical bills.
29864	You probably remember the ability of Sherlock Holmes to hold many small details in his memory.
29865	Your arrogance is an affront to the majority ordinary Zambians who have objected to Bill 10 and you continue to put it in their faces, it stinks.
29866	Your ballot goes straight from Question 4 to Question 6, because it’s a repeat of a constitutional change voters approved two years ago.
29867	Your child is happy to see you!
29868	Your community can also take steps to protect it from a wildfire and be compatible with the area’s ecosystem.
29869	“Your community has shown selfless dedication in the administration of healthcare and on the frontline,” Muslim worshipers were told.
29870	Your correspondent highly recommends Federal employment: excellent pay, generous benefits, and a fantastic retirement program, especially for those serving in immigration law enforcement.
29871	Your DNA is a valuable asset, so why give it to ancestry websites for free?
29872	Your dream clients are the ones who buy in to your mission, and share similar values and goals.
29873	You really need to begin developing a base to learn if she’d, as a whole, be interested to simply take one step further if somebody is enthusiastic about her.
29874	You’re always true to yourself and don’t feel the need to pretend to be something you’re not.
29875	“You’re a mother mourning the loss of your family,” Finn said.
29876	“You’re either with us or against us” are the terms, and there is no middle ground.
29877	“You’re going to be asked to do different things and work in a way you’ve never done before, and really sometimes be quite open minded in terms of what we need to do.
29878	“You’re going to spend the rest of your life trying to find something bad about Justin Herbert,” Arroyo said.
29879	You're healthy, under 60, and can work from home?
29880	"You're just in your own backyard hiking, canoeing, kayaking, swimming.
29881	You’re not the only one interested in it: Bouygues Telecom and Google are also working on it.
29882	You're only allowed to sell some products if they're new, such as sporting goods and baby accessories like prams.
29883	You're trying to find that new normal.
29884	Your graduation party could even be hosted at a bowling alley!
29885	Your guess is as good as mine, but all I ask is that we wake-up and smell the coffee, or we can can continue to go with the flow, do nothing apart from talk, and still expect a different outcome.
29886	Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice.
29887	Your Home Office Looking Like the Game Jumanji?
29888	Your Honor, nowhere in the article in the Southampton Press did it say anything about sunrise.
29889	Your interface can be fully customized so you can control your schedule just the way you want it.
29890	Your Mental Health Is Affecting The Economy.
29891	Your parking lots may also need restriping.
29892	Your partner should respect your need for alone time.
29893	Your passion will earn you fans and help when needed.
29894	"Your politics and media campaign against the Queensland Premier have made an absolutely devastating time for my family even harder," she wrote.
29895	Your reputation will never be the same!”
29896	“Your sisters will miss you immensely, as will your Mum and Dad Love from all of us.”
29897	Your voluminous work for seafarers will be remembered for generations."
29898	You say people might not come for protests, but they would want to come for the celebrations.
29899	You see, they are just empty tubes that are easy to fill.
29900	You see, this was the era of the gas crisis and dollar devaluation.
29901	You see those are not the days or things somebody remembers so easily.
29902	You see what I’m saying, son?
29903	You see, when patients are diagnosed with glaucoma, one of the most common treatment options is a prescription eye drop medication that lowers eye pressure, which prevents damage to the optic nerve and helps to preserve vision.
29904	“You should be proud of yourself, you’re a finalist.
29905	You should have about five cups of chopped fruit.
29906	You should leave.
29907	You should probably pay more attention to family affairs over the coming few weeks.
29908	You should remain there until high tide rolls over you.
29909	You should return home by the 27th.
29910	You should see my emails — not from fringers but sober, reasonable people.
29911	"You should've been fired waaaaaay more times than I got fired."
29912	“You sit on pins and needles all the time.
29913	You step cautiously into the elevator, hoping your added weight does not send the whole cab down the shaft into the bowels of Parrish basement.
29914	You still need to drive home.
29915	Youth and women informal traders whose workspaces were demolished do not and so they will not access this stimulus package.
29916	“You think about there is five people floating in space about 400 kilometers above us.”
29917	You think they’re not going to violate every possible law in order to protect themselves, because that’s what’s at stake for them.
29918	“You try to not think about it, but it’s really difficult, and even now it’s not easy.
29919	YouTube is a great platform to share the content.'
29920	You turning those beads and me doing the manual of arms at different ends of the island.”
29921	You’ve gotta take account of the fact that “same day service” is not guaranteed.
29922	You’ve got to go where you can right now.”
29923	You’ve had 1 winning season in the last 11 years.
29924	You've heard different people say that there is going to be winners and losers out of this.
29925	“You’ve heard the phrase, “Once in a Blue Moon”, which is supposed to mean “rare”, yet if you strictly follow the science, it happens once every two to three years, which really isn’t all that “rare,'” Handy said.
29926	You've inspired me to try something similar,' one woman said.
29927	… You’ve just got to be aware of your surroundings and where you are and there’s a lot of different ways that you can come in contact with this virus.
29928	You've seem this underwear arson before?
29929	You want a great game between the best the NFL has to offer?
29930	You want it to be clear, and you want to make a kind of cinematic thing in the reader's head, you want the reader to see these things.
29931	You want them to find love….they have a nice chemistry.
29932	"You want to just feel good about what you did.
29933	You watch them neglect themselves without a thought to their own needs, or perhaps they struggle with it.
29934	You will also protect your car’s engine if you idle less because idling can cause damage to engine parts like cylinders, spark plugs and the exhaust system.
29935	You will apply to many jobs and will get rejected by all of them.
29936	You will be notified if an item you are interested in has gone into bid wars.
29937	‘’You will be substitute teacher and amateur hairdresser,’’ he is told.
29938	“You will be the one to pay for them.”
29939	“You will constantly see people wiping tables, the tops of chairs, the chairs outside it’s just the way the staff and I are,” McCory said.
29940	You will feel the beat in your bones, just as Ajay does.
29941	You will find a lot of lectures, classes, GMAT related courses, and e-books online, but if you use them too much, you may end confused.
29942	You will find out who are the true leaders this season.
29943	You will have to go through the same process when you log in for the first time on a new device.
29944	You will have to make very difficult decisions, which are those difficult decisions which you actually make in war zones about saving somebodies life if you've got, you know, one pint of blood.
29945	You will likely find it’s a risk not worth taking especially when taking into account today’s cash price combined with interest cost savings in paying off operating lines, cost of storage (yes there is a cost to store on farm), and shrink.
29946	You will not go wrong if you make your decision on that basis.
29947	“You will, of course, remind me the United States has evacuated its diplomatic staff — not all citizens.
29948	You will see sparkling reflections on all surfaces, the paint will be smooth like glass, the leather will have a smooth matt finish and the glaze and wax combination will have deepened and shine improved.
29949	You wonder why the Iranians did not lock down their airspace from commercial aircraft once they launched the first missile attack on the US/Iraqi base?
29950	You won’t believe what he’s got planned for the Big Brother house.”
29951	“You won’t find anything they said in there linked to me,” Lane, 48, said in the video that was posted by Serbino Sandifer-Walker, who is identified on Texas Southern’s website as a communications professor at the university.
29952	You won’t necessarily see it on social media because it comes from hearts not hashtags.
29953	You work tirelessly to create a better world, a better global community for all of us" https://t.
29954	You would be President of the United States of America.
29955	You wouldn't want to miss out on the purple party — even if it's online.
29956	Y., right, after updating members of Congress on the coronavirus outbreak.
29957	Yuh haffi eat food and get strong so that sickness nuh tek yuh body.’
29958	Yukon is reporting three more cases of COVID-19.
29959	Yukon says it has three new cases of COVID-19 with all the infections in Watson Lake.
29960	Yup, two different cats were observed on camera munching on a couple of the bodies.
29961	Yuvi bowled, fielded and batted superbly on Saturday.
29962	Zabu saved the life of young Kevin Plunder and taught him how to live in the prehistoric wilds of the Savage Land, and they've been inseparable ever since.
29963	Zach would be positioning himself against his twin if he made for a play for it.
29964	Zacks Investment Research lowered Foundation Building Materials from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 6th.
29965	Zacks Investment Research raised Exterran from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 19th.
29966	Zacks Investment Research raised their price objective on Aspen Group to $11.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 22nd.
29967	Zacks Investment Research upgraded Axsome Therapeutics from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $81.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Friday, May 29th.
29968	Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Quidel from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 25th.
29969	Zakari said Dogara is expected to visit President Muhammad Buhari when he returns from Mali.
29970	Zambia rallied to beat.
29971	Zam had been living in exile in France before his kidnapping.
29972	ZANU PF MP for Chirumhanzu-Zibagwe Prosper Machando has warned youths they will be beaten up if they dared protest against government.
29973	Zarin isn’t the only person to criticize Medley for coming off as being angry.
29974	ZB Token (ZB) traded up 0.8% against the dollar and now trades at $0.33 or 0.00003379 BTC.
29975	Zeidan could clearly see the woman engaged in "a sex act" with a man in a park outside the multi-storey apartment block.
29976	Zenith Bank followed with trades in 39.99 million units of shares at N780.85 million across 553 transactions while First Bank Holdings traded in 34.62 million units of shares valued at N199.5 million across 275 deals.
29977	"Zero trust holds the promise of vastly enhanced usability, data protection and governance.
29978	Zhang's style can be densely, airlessly lovely.
29979	Zhang Zhan, 37, the first such person known to have been tried, was among a handful of people whose firsthand accounts from crowded hospitals and empty streets painted a more dire picture of the pandemic epicenter than the official narrative.
29980	Zheng Yanxiong, the director of national security office.
29981	Zhu said that she and her family are being extremely careful whenever they go outside.
29982	Zig Zag heads to Facebook Watch with “Troy the Magician”
29983	Zilber alleged that vital steps, such as making permanent appointments to dozens of senior roles, were being blocked — and not by any court or bureaucrat.
29984	Zimbabwe fast bowler Blessing Muzarabani won Player of the Match award for his figures of 5/49, providing the wickets of Khushdil, Wahab, Babar, and Imam-ul-Haq.
29985	Zimbabwe has recorded seven cases and one death and government has imposed a 21-day lockdown starting today to contain the spread of the disease.
29986	Zinhle said he ran out to call for help.
29987	Zivanai, another woman at the meeting also said importing goods through transporters known as malaicha's was difficult as they charge exorbitant prices.
29988	Zoe Coombs Marr performs at VCR Fest.
29989	Zomato spokesperson told IANS that if a restaurant is shutting down temporarily or permanently, we switch off online ordering and subsequently put a tag on the restaurant page to inform users who search for it."
29990	Zombie apocalypse survivors (Melissa McBride) and (Norman Reedus) made their first appearance together in a season 1 episode of that premiered ten years ago today on November 14, 2010.
29991	Zombie Biden along with Warren, Hillary, or any other female republican in a donkey mask, would make it obvious that the DNC wants Trump for another four.
29992	Zoom has grown into a 300 million-plus daily user company within no time as much of the world has shut down due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
29993	Zsasz just wants someone to tell his weird stories to.
29994	Zsuzsa was trafficked from Pecs in Hungary to the UK.
29995	Zuckerberg said campaigns will be able to keep running ads purchased before the final week of the election — even if they contain misinformation — because fact-checkers and journalists will have had ample time to scrutinize them before election day.
29996	Zulum was annoyed at the number of people he saw at the check-point on his way to Jakana, a town that was attacked by the insurgents on Sunday.
29997	Zunker has less money and name recognition than Tiffany, but she’s focused her effort on her home base in voter-rich Wausau where she was raised and still lives.
29998	Zvonareva and Siegemund collected $400,000 — and also their hug — by racing to quick leads in both sets and holding on when their opponents began to play better.
29999	┬а He will be deeply missed.
30000	Тhe influence of know-how in threat based m᧐stly monitoring is profound аnd at pгesent in markets are clinical trial administration techniques (CTMS) ɑnd remote knowledge capture (RDC) ѡhich might support risk primarily based monitoring system.
